,0,1
0,neu,"The past two weeks and I’ve had a few panic attacks but I usually take a Xanax and sit in a quite room or go outside to calm myself down. 

Tomorrow I’m going to a concert with one of my friends and I’m nervous that I might have one at the concert. My panic attacks are usually caused by my senses being overstimulated like loud noises, bright lights, cold rooms. I also can tend to get claustrophobic so I’m worried that a concert might cause a panic attack. 

I’m thinking about taking a Xanax an hour before the concert so I can calm myself down just incase. My friend is understanding and she said we can always stay off to the side or to the back if I need space. It just sucks because I want to be able to enjoy myself without having to worry about having a panic attack.

That’s all... I just wanted to vent"
1,neu,"I know I'm not alone with having panic attacks (when I say panic attacks, I dont mean anxiety attacks. There IS a difference)

Some of you might not know what a PANIC attack is. A panic attack is where you feel unending doom or feel like you're actually about to die. Usually triggered by nothing.
For example: your arm is tingling? ""Obviously you're having a heart attack or stroke. You're obviously just going to die and obviously it's not a panic attack"". You think you're about to die. Your heart rate goes up, you tend to feel weird during the attacks, like light headedness and nausea.

Anxiety attacks are usually triggered by something specific. Like crowds or public speech. It has a lot of the same symptoms as a panic attack but the symptoms are lessened and you don't convince yourself that you're about to die.

((Correct me if I'm wrong, this is only what google and my doctor told me))

But I've been diagnosed with panic attacks from my doctor. I've had anxiety attacks all throughout my life, but I havent felt as depressed or anxious ever since I graduated and moved out. I've been the happiest I've ever been. But 3 months ago I had my first panic attack. All of a sudden I got dizzy and felt sick. I was rocking back and fourth for no reason and I felt OUT of it. I was coming down from a high and had just ate some nice, greasy, cheesy potato skins. Then my hand felt weak and went numb, at this point I was paranoid I was having a stroke. My body went numb and I wasn't able to walk straight (could be because my room is small and dirty so I was tripping on clothes on my floor) but I felt like I was actually about to die. I was crying to my friends how I was sorry and that I love them and I just cried and cried and begged my roomate to drive me to the hospital. I was about to die.
Then it stopped. I was okay now, I wasnt dead, it wouldnt happen again. Right?
5 minutes later it happened again. The same process. Body numb, arms weak, mixing up words. I can have 2 strokes in a row right? It stopped and started again. Until I cried myself to sleep.
Ever since that day, I've been having panic attacks almost daily. (The first week it only happened 2 other times). The past 2 months have been hectic.  I used to have them once a day and now it has increased to multiple times a day. It is absolutely draining and I feel helpless.
I have zero coping skills and I'm slowly draining myself to empty. I'm at my witts end and I feel like it would be easier on myself if I was just gone. If only my panic attacks were actually something serious like the heart attacks I've been convincing myself with.
I slowly just want to die more and more, but I'm not ready to go. I'm sick of the pain and stress it puts me through and no counselors are messaging or calling back.
I need advice. It happens atleast every 2 hours. Any stabbing pain or ache I have, I end up scaring myself into a panic attack. I want to feel normal again. I've isolated myself more than I ever have before. I'm not going to hurt myself or kill myself so dint get too worried.  I'm just sick of this stress and I need help. Does anyone else have them daily?"
2,neu,"I know I'm not alone with having panic attacks (when I say panic attacks, I dont mean anxiety attacks. There IS a difference)

Some of you might not know what a PANIC attack is. A panic attack is where you feel unending doom or feel like you're actually about to die. Usually triggered by nothing.
For example: your arm is tingling? ""Obviously you're having a heart attack or stroke. You're obviously just going to die and obviously it's not a panic attack"". You think you're about to die. Your heart rate goes up, you tend to feel weird during the attacks, like light headedness and nausea.

Anxiety attacks are usually triggered by something specific. Like crowds or public speech. It has a lot of the same symptoms as a panic attack but the symptoms are lessened and you don't convince yourself that you're about to die.

((Correct me if I'm wrong, this is only what google and my doctor told me))

But I've been diagnosed with panic attacks from my doctor. I've had anxiety attacks all throughout my life, but I havent felt as depressed or anxious ever since I graduated and moved out. I've been the happiest I've ever been. But 3 months ago I had my first panic attack. All of a sudden I got dizzy and felt sick. I was rocking back and fourth for no reason and I felt OUT of it. I was coming down from a high and had just ate some nice, greasy, cheesy potato skins. Then my hand felt weak and went numb, at this point I was paranoid I was having a stroke. My body went numb and I wasn't able to walk straight (could be because my room is small and dirty so I was tripping on clothes on my floor) but I felt like I was actually about to die. I was crying to my friends how I was sorry and that I love them and I just cried and cried and begged my roomate to drive me to the hospital. I was about to die.
Then it stopped. I was okay now, I wasnt dead, it wouldnt happen again. Right?
5 minutes later it happened again. The same process. Body numb, arms weak, mixing up words. I can have 2 strokes in a row right? It stopped and started again. Until I cried myself to sleep.
Ever since that day, I've been having panic attacks almost daily. (The first week it only happened 2 other times). The past 2 months have been hectic.  I used to have them once a day and now it has increased to multiple times a day. It is absolutely draining and I feel helpless.
I have zero coping skills and I'm slowly draining myself to empty. I'm at my witts end and I feel like it would be easier on myself if I was just gone. If only my panic attacks were actually something serious like the heart attacks I've been convincing myself with.
I slowly just want to die more and more, but I'm not ready to go. I'm sick of the pain and stress it puts me through and no counselors are messaging or calling back.
I need advice. It happens atleast every 2 hours. Any stabbing pain or ache I have, I end up scaring myself into a panic attack. I want to feel normal again. I've isolated myself more than I ever have before. I'm not going to hurt myself or kill myself so dint get too worried.  I'm just sick of this stress and I need help. Does anyone else have them daily?"
3,compound,i want to help them so bad but every time they have one they shut them selves off from the rest of the world and i dont want to be pushy and get in the way of their emotions but also i want to make sure there ok and somehow help them
4,neu,Does anyone here take Luvox for anxiety/ panic ? My new psychiatrist is suggesting I switch to Luvox from Lexapro but I wanted to know how people did on it. Thanks!
5,compound,"Hi, I was wandering about types of panic attacks (if there is any). Feelings &amp; actions you are experiencing when dealing with it.

I have no seviere panic attacks, mostly 3-5min but without any fear. I have heart pounding and everything, but without feeling of fear!  

Do anyone can relate? How do you call that emotion you are experiencing? Mby there is some good old book about panic attacks."
6,neu,"I (27f) have an appointment tomorrow to talk about my panic attacks. I have had them sporadically since 2017 when I had some very big life changes (my mum died in the summer  and following this my 6 year relationship broke down, I relocated and lost my job). However,  in the last two months I've been having them almost daily- when they start  my chest feels like it will explode, I feel faint and like I will black out. My vision gets distorted and I hear things as if I was swimming, like through water. On two occasions recently I have passed out. This has left me feeling almost unable to be or wanting to be out alone even though I'm usually a very adventurous person and enjoy shopping or cafes alone regularly. 


I'm really worried about talking to them tomorrow because a previous doctor told me ""not to medicalize my grief"" when I spoke to them about my anxiety. At the moment the fear of passing out is huge and I'm still trying to work but the symptoms of these attacks are extremely physical and as they are become more frequent and extreme I'm really not coping....

Does anyone have an advice for how to speak to them about this?"
7,neu,"Panic attacks suck and I did not miss them. I am usually pretty good at keeping them away. However lately I have been stressed out and I feel like I need to take a deep breath.

What helps you keep panic attacks at bay?"
8,neu,"Hi,

I had on monday morning which was a MABYE panic attack. I wondered if anyone thought it might fit the bill? It was only yesterday afternoon when i told my sister what had happened, that she said that what it sounded like. 

I was on the train and it came out of nowhere. I started to feel very nauseous and then I started to get very hot and light headed. I have actually had this happen to be before so I knew what was happening. I took of my coat as I thought mabye I was just too hot (??) . My vision became very blurred  and thought I might faint. Just after this point I just pushed myself off the train at the next stop and stood on the platform. It was then I noticed that I was sweating a lot too. 

I walked around trying to find a toilet (Tried 4 places - 2 out of order and 2 wouldn't let me use unless I bought something!!) 

After a while, I just sat down for a bit and called my boss that I was unwell and was going home. 

Does this sound like it could be this? 

Thank you!"
9,neu,"I can feel it coming on and I’m fighting it (maybe not a good idea). It’s only 6am, so everyone I know is asleep, except for my mom who’s at work. I woke up feeling anxious about my new relationship and somehow have spiraled into panic. I feel so sick right now and I’ve never experienced this while alone before, I’m so scared. Usually talking with someone helps me but there’s no one at all to talk to.

Any advice on having a panic attack alone for the first time?"
10,neu,"I’ve already been to the doctor, had blood tests done and everything they said nothings out of the ordinary. 
 
Last night I was winding down watching a show and suddenly my entire body from my chest to my stomach got kind of warm and icky feeling and my heart started racing, I walked around for a bit but that only helped somewhat with the pressure in my chest, and then when I finally could fall asleep I was woken up at 4 am with the same exact feelings, and when I walk around now it comes back and only stops when I lay down. I’m really freaked out by how it feels and just want to know if this is common for panic attacks."
11,neu,
12,neu,I have been dealing with agoraphobia for a year now and I’m tired of being inside my house and when i try to leave I get this fear so I don’t really go outside but I do go to my backyard.I just want to be independent person like I used to without any fear.im tired of depending on someone to take me to places.its to the point where i miss some of my doctors appointment because I don’t have a ride from a family member.i can’t use Uber because I get more anxiety because I don’t really know the person.what should I do to slowly be able to be independent and go places without needing someone I’m 17 and I don’t want to live my life like this.
13,neu,"This might sound a bit out there...

So I have glasses I wear when I am driving for more that 30 minutes, it helps sharpen my vision so my eyes don’t get fatigue. When I have a panic attack, (which thank God isn’t very often anymore) I notice if I put my glasses on, it helps calm me down a bit. 

It could be psychosomatic, but nonetheless it helps. Anyone ever experience this."
14,neu,"Hi all,

I'm an expat, living alone in Poland.
I get panic attacks, but only at night and if I am alone. I can't really link the attacks to anything, and I can't get help for it here. But every time I get it I feel like I need to escape back to my home country. Being alone is the worst thing, and the biggest trigger I think. And I don't I what to do."
15,neu,"So I had a massive panic attack today, for the first time in many years. Worth noting that I hadn't been able to take my meds (venlafaxine, out of stock) for 2 days and didn't feel well all day today (feverish, cold, shocks going through my body).

 The trigger was an unexpected medical bill. I'd set up to pay that bill in like 7 monthly installments. I got an email on the 14th of every month reminding me of the deadline, after wich I immidiately paid. But then this bill came in. I started freaking out and for some reason decided it was a good idea to call them, despite the fact that I'm not good with phone calls in the first place and tend to avoid them. As soon as they picked up I started panicking more and more, shaking, then crying, then hyperventilating. And I just lost it. The rep told me it was my fault, that when an installment isn't paid the deal's off and remaining amount must be paid at once. I can't do that, I'm having money issues as is. I yelled at her a lot, at some point also yelled some incomprehensible and irrelevant things about how I was about to panic and would need help and how I had an autistic disorder and couldn't do this. I felt bad right after and apologised profusely, and the lady ended up fixing it for me aswell. But I still couldn't get myself out of my panic attack, neither could my dog, who usually gets me out before they even begin. I had to call my mom to help me. I think I cried and hyperventilated on and off for an hour. 

Now I'm probably gonna get my oxazepam prescription back up, after 4 years of not needing it. My life seemed to be going uphill in 2018, everything started getting better, and now I've reached some kind of new low. I don't even know what's happening or why, altough I know it's been simmering for a while.

I hope the people here won't judge me too harshly, I just wanted to type my story out, even if it probably makes no sense and makes me seem like an asshole."
16,neu,"I have had a few panic attacks before, but not often enough for my docs to give me anything for it (except a breathing exercise)  but this was weirdly between a panic attack and akathisia (a feeling of extreme restlessness I get from an antipsychotic) 

I took a larger dose of my antipsychotic than I had been bc I had been cutting the dose to an ineffective amount due to nausea. But since I was feeling really depressed I wanted to try to go back up to the effective dose. 

A few days before I accidentally took the medicine with grapefruit juice which you are not supposed to do, and it gave me terrible akathisia while I was stuck in the car for an hour which was horrible and has made me a bit claustrophobic since then. 

Randomly last night after I took my meds,  at around 9pm I started trying to do my homework and randomly got super anxious and the fear and anxiety I felt when in the car with akathisia so I took some Benadryl (which helps w akathisia) and got up and took a walk around campus bc I was feeling claustrophobic. I was super afraid that I would do something to Hirt myself bc I was so anxious and really didn’t want to be hurt and I texted a friend to try to have someone around to keep me safe. We just texted while I walked around campus and then I came home and just lay in bed for hours with my eyes closed and my heart beating quickly and I probably got to sleep around midnight. I was so scared and wasn’t sure if I was going to survive. Like I thought I was going to do something bc I couldn’t wait it out or something. 


This is very much unlike my other panic attacks bc I am always paranoid during those that my family is planning something like to lock me up in a mental hospital and such. Or that if I talk to my mom she will me angry with me so I have to hide. It’s always external danger. I have never been so afraid of hurting myself. And that makes it much scarier. 

I will definitely not be messing with my meds in the future lol. This has certainly taught me a lesson but I am so afraid of it happening again. Has anyone experienced something similar? Also do you think this was a panic attack?"
17,neu,My biggest fear of going outside is having a panic attack and feeling derealized I have a weird feeling and things start to look weird and the streets look bigger than normal feels like it’s not real or like I’m not really present in the moment.it causes me to panic more how do I face through it every time I try I get so panicky that I go back inside.
18,neu,"I've been having some ""new"" everyday symptoms of anxiety and panic attacks. One of them is a tight pain under my chin, right under my tongue.

I've also made the mistake of googling it and found that this is one of the tells of an imminent heart attack.

Does anyone else feel it? :("
19,neu,"Hi! First time poster here. My panic attacks always seem to come about while I am by myself. So being alone is obviously a trigger. They usually seem to come on when I am tired after work and trying to relax. As soon as I become relaxed, my body and mind freak out because I am not aware of my breathing but as soon as I become aware of slower breaths it’s almost like I am gasping for air. This also happens when I am trying to sleep at night or even after I wake up in the middle of the night and try to go back to sleep. It’s almost like I am afraid of becoming too relaxed and then I force myself to stay awake. That’s the only way I can explain it. In the midst of gasping for air, my mind goes to the worst and I fear that I am having a heart attack or going into cardiac arrest. I wish I knew why my mind goes to the literal worst case scenario."
20,neu,"I've had anxiety pretty much as far back as I can remember. At first, it was mostly social anxiety, a fear of ordering at restaurants or asking a question in class. I gained panic disorder at the start of high school. My first panic attack was at a week long summer camp away from my parents. That panic attack and almost every one since has been caused by stomach issues.

I have a whole set of stomach problems that are pretty much undiagnosed. Add to that a whole bunch of other smaller undiagnosed health issues and I can be quite the bundle of anxiety. It's really scary to have undiagnosed medical conditions. ""What is causing my pain/discomfort? Something must be wrong because I feel really off. Are these problems actually harming me?""  The last two are very real for me, as I had a recent health crisis that started off with two panic attacks that I think warned me something was wrong.

There is also a vicious cycle that comes with this. Panic attacks will make my stomach hurt and that can just continue to fuel the attack.

I've been diagnosed as somewhere between social anxiety, panic disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder, which I must say is really fun. The first set has been greatly helped by medication. I also just got a new therapist that I'm really liking. I'm really hoping that these panic attacks will go away, but it's been at least 5 years and I still can't imagine a life without them.

Don't give up hope though. Hopes do come true sometimes. I did just fight off a panic attack for the first time.

TLDR: my panic attacks are solely triggered by stomach problems. How about all of you?"
21,neu,"I posted recently about a attack I had. I had relatively been doing good for a while, then out of the blue got hit with one I thought was the worst....this week I ended up in the hospital for 2 days(with no insurance mind you) running every test imaginable to rule out any legitimate health concern after coming in thinking I was having a stroke....my whole body seemed to cramp?  I couldn't open my hands, my speech was slurred, it was by far the scariest experience of my life....I have called my pysch and left multiple messages with his front desk, nothing returned and I have no appt until dec...the hospital gave me a little bit of xanax that I am using just to get through work but other than that I'm terrified to even leave the house. I'm at a loss of what to do, any help here is appreciated."
22,neu,"I’ve always struggled with communicating. Losing my train of thought, etc. Always been a little nervous when talking to new people but I’ve always dealt with it. But for the last couple months my fears have expanded to literally everyone. My husband, kids, friends ... doesn’t matter who. I start to recount something, lose my train of thought and am met with the most intense fear I’ve ever had. By brain is screaming “run away,” and I physically have to resist that urge and y’all myself down. Doesn’t matter what I’m talking about or who I’m talking to or whether I’m in a group of people or one on one. The moment I feel myself struggling to recall a word or a detail, my heart starts pounding, I get dizzy and hot. I know it’s irrational but I can’t make it stop. So my question is what can I do? I’ve taken several different meds over the years and I know a few that I think will fix it but I’m trying to avoid them due to unwanted side effects. Would talking to a psychologist really help? Any herbal supplements that might help? Any insight would be appreciated."
23,neu,"So my best friend/boyfriend moved to Vegas a few weeks ago to work and I stayed in LA to work and save a little money up to move to Vegas as soon as I could. We’ve done everything together for the 4 years we’ve been together and never actually been separated for more than a few days. Since he moved to Vegas, he started having panic attacks and calling me and I would talk him down and tell him we’ll see each other soon. He started working, he got his head together a lot better but three days ago in the morning he was on his way to work, he had a panic attack where it made him very suicidal and told me his aunt was taking him to the hospital. He didn’t talk to me much before he went in and he’s been in a treatment center as they’re treating him for his panic attacks since he had also mentioned he was very suicidal a few days before that. I know where he is but I haven’t been able to speak with him and I don’t have the passcode to ask the nurse to let me speak with him so I’ve been leaving messages if they could give him my name and number, it’s been 3 days and I’ve been having panic attacks back to back simply because I haven’t heard from him. I know he’s okay and being helped and watched but I know how much he misses me too and I miss him more than anything right now and I feel like I’m going crazy. I don’t wanna have to go to the hospital too, what’s keeping me from losing it is that if I go too, I’ll be even farther and it’ll take longer to hear from him. I miss my best friend more than anything and i can’t stop worrying and panicking, all because I haven’t heard from him. It hurts my heart and I know he’s way better than me right now but I can’t stop panicking because I’m so fucking far from him, I can’t see him, and I haven’t heard his voice. This is really hard and the suicidal thoughts are getting worse and I haven’t been eating or being able to sleep. I just hope to hear from him soon and hear that he’s a lot better. I tell myself the good things like that, but I still panic all day where I get very irrational thoughts and I want to die and wish I could talk to him, I end up speaking to the air and feeling crazy but it makes me feel better because I feel like I’m talking to him. I know it’s ridiculous, but I just need to hear him and I know I’ll be able to calm down, but for now I feel like I keep losing my mind."
24,neu,"So I recently had an attack last Friday, then I almost had a full blown panic attack today but I knew to keep calm and breathe in and out. It subsided for a bit but everything still felt a bit  delayed,jerky, a little fast,and out of place (my motion and sensation btw). My heart also picked up and I fled from wherever i was at and tried to remain calm. Does anyone else experience these symptoms? Also can anyone please leave advice and tips on how to calm down or reduce these feelings of anxiousness. It's really starting to get to me along with my thoughts. I dont know if I'll be able to function at school properly if these horrible feelings and thoughts drain me everyday."
25,neu,
26,neu,
27,compound,I’m nearing the end of a really tough two year course. Throughout it most of my peers have had a few emotional breakdowns but mostly I’ve been okay. But I have finals next week and I think I’m reaching the end of my rope and I don’t know what to do. If I’m honest I need some fucking help.
28,neu,"Hey guys, I hope you are having a nice day. 

I have seen three doctors: ER physician during a panic attack(which was so bad that I thought I was definitely dying), cardiologist, and my now-psychiatrist. After my first severe panic attack, I have been sent to checkup center and they did EKG, blood test, holter, echo, xray, and treadmill stress test. Nothing wrong was found in all the results. And all three doctors said I was just having a very bad panic attack. I try to calm down and focus on managing my anxiety... but I can't stop thinking ""what if something is actually wrong with my heart and they couldn't find it?"" I really want to think positive and just forget it, but I always feel scared and nervous even if I am seeing my psychiatrist regularly and taking medicines. Sometimes I feel very depressed because of this endless worrying. Is it just me? 😢"
29,neu,"Long story short, I have pretty extreme panic disorder (I can get panic attacks from feeling trapped in traffic, avoid elevators in case they get stuck and I’m trapped, hate heights because I don’t feel grounded, etc.) but I may need to take a plane for something and I can’t fathom how I’m going to do that.

My question is this: how much Xanax would I need to feel okay on the plane? And by “okay” I mean, completely unfazed that I’m trapped in a machine 30,000 feet in the air. I already have a Xanax prescription that I take daily, but it doesn’t have a sedative effect on me, just helps prevent daily, no-reason episodes of panic. So how much would I need to feel sedated enough to fly?"
30,neu,"Does anyone struggle with visual/optical migraines (auras and blindspots) before and during a panic attack? I haven’t struggled with panic attacks for nearly half a year and they came back a few days ago and have been happening daily, multiple times a day. No added stressors or changes in my life. It’s bad cause I dissociate during them and tend to self harm. Scared I will need hospitalization if they continue."
31,neu,"I've been reading this subreddit this morning hoping to give individual advice to people, but I thought it might get to more people if I create my own post.

I've always had anxiety. I self-medicated with weed, Adderall, trying to be the class-clown (in my teens), overeating, and binging Netflix.

I also managed to hold it together, but I was always so afraid of having a massive panic attack and not being able to get to safety. 

I tried everything! I read and applied the steps from the book ""DARE"" (Which i think is a great STARTING POINT), I took all the supplements, I did the meditation, the weight lifting, the yoga, the hypnosis-- YOU NAME IT!.....But I still suffered anxiety and panic.

My body was always tense. My neck hurt. My back hurt. My voice was tight. I couldn't be in the moment like ""Normal"" people. I was always in my head, preparing myself for that next panic attack.  

Then about two years ago, I lost my job. This is when my anxiety really ramped up. I would be relaxing with my girlfriend and then suddenly snap into a panic attack with derealization and depersonalization. Feeling cold, dead, and shakey all while trying to keep it together. These would terrorize me. I would wake up in the middle of the night in a panic. Many of the books say they only last 10 minutes, but we all know sometimes they last a few hours!

I knew the research said exposure therapy worked. I would gradually start to expose myself to the panic and the new places. Starting with walking around the block (Even this was hard. Some days I would turn my ass around). But what was very disheartening was no matter how much progress I seemed to make, If I took a few days off....I was right back to day one it seemed. It always returned.

Anyway, to make a ridiculously long story shorter, I started learning about the processes of anxiety. There's so much conflicting information about this. I read allllll the books. The ONLY book I can recommend about the mechanism of anxiety in humans is the book **Anxious** by Joseph E. LeDoux PhD. (I highly recommend reading this about 5 times. It's a tough read by worth it)

Now that I knew what the monster I was fighting looked like, It was time to fight it.

What worked.......

# I ordered the workbook: Mastery of your Anxiety and Panic: Workbook (Treatments that work) By Michelle G. Craske and David H. Barlow

I read the book front to back and then did all the exercises in the book. Let me tell you....some of the exercises are hard as F&amp;$\*! But looking back, I realize that the reason this worked when other things didn't is because it forces you to continuously improve (Btw, you can go at your own pace) It is a 12-week program, and you will feel much better after 2-4 weeks. 

If I were to go back in time and tell myself how to beat panic disorder and agoraphobia, this is the list I would give myself.

Step 1: Read the book ""Anxious"" By Joseph Ledoux

Step 2: Order Master of your Anxiety and Panic: Workbook 

Step 3: Actually do the work in the workbook

Step 4: Start working out hard, start looking the way you want. Start eating better.

Step 5: Supplemental things that definitely help: Learn meditation (The hard kind, not the guided kind) Stretch more. Learn how to release trauma (The book The Body Keeps the Score helped. As long as the free EMDR videos on youtube by Karuna Satori, buy a foam roller and use it, buying workbooks for other issues such as depression, ADHD.

Step 6: This is kind of a bonus, but I really love Dr. David D. Burns's work. Get your hands on either ""When panic attacks"" or ""Feeling good Handbook"" and do the work.

FINAL STEP: Start repairing all the things that need work

&amp;#x200B;

So there you have it. The key is really doing the work. You have to train your body. This disorder is 70 percent your physical body and 30 percent your mind. Train your body daily. Let your eyes experience new things. Let your feet walk in new places. And then train your mind like it's your new job. Do the worksheets daily.

3 months ago I could not walk around the block without triggering a panic attack. Now I'm driving down the highway to the zoo to meet my family, spending all day at the zoo, Going places I don't know to exercise, going kayaking every weekend, seeing movies every week basically....and I'm enjoying life. As comfortable as home was, It was getting really boring. The outer world is where true happiness lies. It may not feel like that now, which is what all the training is for.

&amp;#x200B;

Let me know If you have any questions!

If you can't afford the books, message me and I'll send you a copy of mine."
32,neu,"Since April i have been on Lexapro,no good, zoloft,,, no good, finally SSRIS dont work for me,,they just made me into a zombie with panic attacks,, now about to start Konlopin,, very nervous,,but, hoping this would help me have a life again and get a job and do more exciting things,,, How do you stop that panic before you start something new,, I still advent picked it up at the store,,,"
33,compound,"Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/PanicAttack/comments/dc0hp7/speaking_to_a_doctor_tomorrow/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share


Firstly - thank you to those who commented. I was at my wit's end really and was feeling really hopeless. I understand a lot of people experience this and ,although it is a horrible thing, I was grateful to feel less alone after finding this sub here and reading about others who experience this. 

My doctors appointment went a lot better than I ever expected. She was very sympathetic and seemed annoyed at the previous Dr for brushing it off. She has referred me to a mental health nurse to assess the situation further, prescribed me 50mg/day Sertraline to try  and next week I have an ECG and full bloods to rule out anything else.  

I totally understand medication might take a long time to work or it might not even be the right one/might not be the route for me in the end ..but I feel better knowing that someone listened and took notice.  

Thanks again everyone"
34,neu,"I don't why but i can't feel certain emotions, so i have to force myself to do so. I have to pretend that they're stronger than it actually is. I feel like all my emotions are inside of me and i can't express them. Like there's some kind of barrier. Mixed feeling. And these anxiety attacks take all my energy. September was pretty bad. I remember sitting on a lesson at school, i feel so anxious, i shake, i feel like I'm about to throw up, i feel this constermation, i can't move. I just wanted to hide somewhere. Now they're a bit better (if i can say so), but they hit me at mornings now. I feel like it's a way for me to release my emotions, beside fear and anxiety i feel love, happiness and joy. But they're really painful. I hate this feeling when every heartbeat brings you pain, when you feel terrified for no reason, when they hit me at night and I can fall asleep until 5am. I'm so tired of it. I wish i could stop it."
35,neu,I feel so so numb and not like myself. I can’t sleep at all and I feel like I’m going insane. I feel like I’m gonna have a panic attack but I’m half asleep but my mind won’t shut off 😣 I feel so weird and nauseous. Does anyone else get this?? Am I going crazy?????
36,neg,"Females, are your panic attacks getting worse when you're having PMS?"
37,neu,"I need help. So basically I had a panic attack last Friday and I've been a reck ever since. I keep feeling symptoms like delayed sensations,depersonalization,dissociation,derealization,and more. I dont even wanna go outside anymore because I'm too fucking scared. I keep crying all day keeping myself locked up in my room 24/7. My 16th birthday is also today and I cancelled all my plans today avoiding everybody because these feelings and thoughts are getting to my head. I really dont know what to do anymore. I kind of think about suicide because I really cant take this shit anymore. If anybody could leave some advice I'd appreciate it."
38,neu,"One of the best solutions to overcome panic and anxiety. To know yourself also means getting informed and having something useful, to end panic and anxiety.

Panic Away Helping to End Panic Attacks and General Anxiety Attacks Naturally

info here site link"
39,compound,"Does anyone often feel better when they're in the dark? Like it seems so hard battling the feelings and symptoms during the day, but when night time strolls in, everything feels so much better. I was thinking about getting tinted prescription glasses to maybe ease my stress with anxiety. If anyone has any similarities/experience with this  that they can relate to this please let me know."
40,neu,Does anyone else get a split second brain “flip” I guess you could explain it. It feels like I’m getting electrocuted some times. I know that brain zaps can be caused by medication withdrawal but I’m not currently on any medication. I had one today that made me feel like my brain was in rewind for a second. It was the strangest thing. Almost felt like when you first step off of a ride that makes you dizzy. Just wanted to see if this was an anxiety symptom or something in should be more concerned about.
41,neu,
42,neu,"Hi all, I suffered for a while from heart pulpitations, last week I smoked weed in Amsterdam (I usually get scared about everything when I do) since I was always worried about my heart because of pulpitations, herebis what happened:

Heart Rate went up to 173
Pounding heart. 
I can feel my heart in my body. 
I thought that im gonna die of heart attack.
Sweating
Pressure or warm/cold feelings in/on my chest.
Extremely scared.

This kept happening after that, I get scared of this happening, if I get scared enough, it happens.

Am I getting panic attacks?"
43,neu,
44,neu,"I’m learning about panic attacks in one of my classes and reading the symptoms made me realize that I’ve might’ve experienced panic attacks with knowing it.

Side note: I have an intense fear of nausea and I HATE throwing up. I do everything in my power to avoid throwing up.

A few months ago, I got nauseous for unknown reason in the middle of the night. I ended up falling asleep after freaking out about my nausea and I woke up a few hours later to an intense experience:

I was intensely nauseous, but I couldn’t throw up anything when I tried, and also: 

- my entire body was extremely hot, but I didn’t have a fever, I felt like my insides were burning while my skin felt cold
-my heart was racing intensely, like I just ran a mile
-my breathing was uneven and fast
-I was really scared that I was about to die because of my physical condition 
-my arms and legs had a tingling/electric sensation running up and down them
-I felt really weak and had to lay in bed

This sensation would last about 10 minutes and happened about 7-8 times that day. I felt nauseous all day and my nausea would increase when the sensation happened

This type of thing happened again a few days later, during the nighttime, and again a few days later on my birthday (although the symptoms weren’t as worse besides my nausea) 

I tried to figure out for months what the condition I’m experiencing is because I thought I had some sort of thyroid problem or something. I haven’t really had a experience like this since then but my body does feel hot as times, and I have to force myself to not think about it

Is this a panic attack? I always thought attacks were just intense fear and crying"
45,neu,"My mom suggested I try this tea. At this point I am willing to try anything. I had the worst panic attack I have ever had a month ago , and I’m in constant fear of having another one. I drink a cup before bed, and I have been feeling slightly better. 

Ingredients :
'LINDEN FLOWER, VALERIAN ROOT, PASSION FLOWER, MANITA FLOWER, TILIA FLOWER, SPEARMINT LEAF, PEPPERMINT LEAF, LEMON BALM LEAF, ORANGE OIL.'

Just for FYI."
46,neu,"so i usually battle very intense anxiety, and i’m pretty sure that’s what caused my depression. lately i’ve been SO happy and doing so well. but randomly in the day i will get so tired and lightheaded and just awfully sad. it can last anywhere from a half hour to a few hours. i don’t know if this could be a form of a panic/anxiety attack. if anyone can give me some insight that would be great!"
47,neu,"Who elses panic attacks/ anxiety stems from cardiophobia? 
If so I'd love to talk to more people who's anxiety is based around this, it's hard to relate to other people w anxiety who dont suffer from heart based anxiety"
48,neu,"Cross posting from r/anxiety just in case there's a different perspective here. New to reddit and posting from mobile so if theres anything I need to edit please let me know! 

So this is something that I routinely experience but has always been a bit of an enigma in the back of my mind. When I first started seeing a doctor for my anxiety/panic disorder, my doctor at the time of my initial diagnosis  (at 13 I am 25 now) told me they were nocturnal panic attacks, and being 13 I just took his word for it and listed that as a symptom for each new physiatrist I met. However, I never really went into detail about these attacks with my therapist at the time and am just curious if this happens to anyone else with a nocturnal panic attack. 

What will happen will be that I will go to bed and fall asleep normally, then at some point, I will wake up partially conscious and I will get caught in a kind of mental loop where I am experiencing a situation or sensations that arent really there. For example, I'm a teacher so sometimes in the past I have gone to sleep in my bed at home, then the next thing I know I'm in a partially awake state(i can move freely and I will start to toss and turn) but my mind is totally trapped. I will have the feeling I am in my classroom and ""I need to be supervising my kids so why am I laying down, my boss is telling me to watch my kids and shes mad at me, I need to watch my kids."" And then this loop will repeate over and over until my conscious mind kicks in and says ""wait you're in bed, not at school no one is around you you just need to be sleeping now."" And from there the typical panic attack symptoms set in and I am able to use my coping techniques to get through it. 

It's not as if I actually am seeing my kids or hearing my boss in my room during these attacks, it's just the intense feeling that they are around/that's what's happening, so I'm not sure if they really count as hallucinations or not. 

I guess I'm just curious if anyone else has experienced something similar and knows a name for it? I have exhausted the literature trying to find a name for this kind of anxiety event, and currently am abroad in a country where I dont have access to the kind of therapy I receive when I am stateside."
49,compound,"I used to have really bad health and social anxiety but I've had it under control for about 3 years now after starting Paxil (20mg). Was also prescribed Xanax for panic as needed but rarely had to use it. Been through a lot of big moments like buying a house, having a kid, and a surprise $10,000 foundation repair. Had some stress for sure but nothing too bad.

Now, out of nowhere, I've had 5 days in a row with panic attacks. The first one was during the day and I'm fairly sure of the trigger. I ate a big meal and drank an energy drink, started sweating a lot which seemed to set me off. We also had a contractor working in our house at the time which probably added to it. 

The last 4 attacks have been the worst though. All have been at night. All immediately upon waking up. All about 15-30 minutes after falling asleep. Mostly the same symptoms of fast heart rate, sweating, shaking, adrenaline feeling. I have to get out of bed and walk around. Took Xanax the first 2 nights but was able to get through it without on the last 2. After I fall back asleep, I sleep (poorly) until morning. The panic attack only happens after the first time I fall asleep each night.

Luckily I've been good during the day. And even before bed, I've been relaxed, in a great mood as I've fallen asleep but that doesn't seem to matter - still get woken up by panic right after falling asleep. 

I went to urgent care the day after the 2nd night. The doctor listened to my heart and lungs and ran an EKG just to be safe. All checked out good. He gave me his personal reassurance that it's panic related. Which is nice to hear but, as I'm sure many of you feel as well, there's always that doubt - what if it's something more? I am confident it's not heart related and I'm sure I'm having panic attacks too but sometimes I think, what if there's an actual physiological problem that I'm experiencing first that then triggers the attack?

Anyways, I'm working through it. Trying not to dread the night. I'm fortunate to have a good support system and an understanding boss with a flexible work schedule. Just gotta take it one night at a time I guess."
50,compound,"I went to play golf with a friend today.  About 45 minutes in, I was having strange thought patterns, I got very hot, I felt a bit distressed, dizzy, legs felt a bit tingly, as did the left side of my upper body.  I have an Apple Watch on and my heart rate jumped from around 80bpm to 110bpm.  This lasted about 3-7 minutes, and then I felt mostly normal again. This has happened 9 times today since then.


The strange thoughts have been happening all day.  I dont know how to explain it other than I keep having random scenes, ideas, and scenarios flashing through my head in a continuous stream, though they don’t seem to be connected.  It also feels like every one of those thoughts is something I have dreamed before.  They seem familiar as if they are real memories.  Not real in the sense that I actually experienced it, but that I dreamt it recently. realize the thoughts aren’t reality, and a symptom of whatever is happening.  I’ve just never experienced this before.  

My Apple Watch didn’t say I was showing signs of atrial fibrillation, and my heart rate is generally normal, except when I have an episode.  

Does this sound like panic attacks or something different?  I’m going to go to the doctor if nothing changes, I just was wondering if people have first hand knowledge and similar experiences.  Thank you all!"
51,neu,Anyone tried Paxil for panic attacks? I know it’s hard to come off but they all are especially Effexor
52,compound,"Had a link to a youtuber specifically handling how to respond to a panic attack, giving specific instructions in a clear format instead of a backstory of their own history and how their life changed after they have solved their problem.  The reason looking for this specific person was the easy and clear format and speaking method used when delivering the instructions.    


I cannot find this fucking video.  I mean I've scoured a great many places and cannot find it at all.  Help would be appreciated or possibly even related links.  The physical description of the youtuber was a 28-35 white male with freckles, brown or redish hair with a mustache or other facial hair.  I'm looking for my s/o working with what info I remember.  Any help, again, would be greatly appreciated."
53,neu,"Hi im on it past 10days as im diagnosed w panic disorder and anxiety...was on lexapro 4 10weeks then brintellix prior to fluvoxamine

I did lessen my intrusive thoughts...BUT

I feel tired all day long
I hav no emotional feelings at all
Numb 
Constantly lazy
Worst are.waking up middle.of the nite with i wouldnt say its full blown panic attacks but its like almost n near with loud heartbeat and palpitati9ns

Anyone.share.similar experience"
54,neu,"It has been a lifesaver in moments of panic attacks and I don't take them daily, I was taking them more often last month but I'm anxious about getting hooked on them as I know they are extremely addictive and withdrawals can be dangerous. Does anyone have experience with xanax, particularly not taking it every day? My doctor recommended to take only when I needed, not every day so that's why I ask. Thanks Reddit love you!"
55,neu,"For the last 2 weeks I've been in an out of the hospital for having multiple panic attacks everyday. 

 I've been given different opinions.. medications from several different doctors.. None worked and only made it worse
Today after visiting another doctor, after being given yet another medication I decided I'm not going to take it and stop it all. 
I've been struggling with anxiety for as long as I can remember. I didn't feel right taking medication



I feel so proud of actually going through the 1st day at work without any worry, pain, numbness or dizziness. I could feel myself literally working my way through the simptoms.. (it was actually pretty hard to think that I could pass out in front of so many co-workers) 

What I've done was recall everything that I knew I disliked for at least a year back and did not feel brave enough to recognise it. 
I wrote a letter to myself and cried all the way through writing and reading it. 
I felt too ashamed to share the feelings with anyone else, therefore I hope it's ok to post here :s 

I'm not sure what tomorrow will bring but I feel a tiny bit stronger. 

I wanted to put this out and hopefully It helps someone else, maybe..
{I'm sorry for the long post}"
56,neu,"A practical way to get out of stress, anxiety and panic attacks is to regain self-confidence. To know how to get informed and to have something useful, to end panic and anxiety.  
Panic Away Helping to End Panic Attacks and General Anxiety Attacks Naturally  
info here and solutions

[Link Site solution](https://bit.ly/35amNjt) 

[https://bit.ly/35amNjt](https://bit.ly/35amNjt)"
57,neu,"I came to a realization that nobody really cares nobody really wants to help everybody is just in it for self gain, I have nobody who I can talk to, and the girl who came into my life about 2 months ago refuses to talk to me, I have no idea why and now I just feel like non of my “friends” even care about me. I also got banned off of r/depression out of no where with out any warning, so now I really have no place to post and no one who cares and life just sucks"
58,compound,"Soooo whenever i calm myself down before stuff gets really out of hand, once I overcome the panic attack and the anxiety i feel so mentally clear i feel like my neurons are firing on a different level if that makes sense lol i feel like for once im calm and i can gather my thoughts alot easier, can anyone else relate?"
59,neu,"tl:dr: Reminder to stay hydrated

&amp;#x200B;

To start off I know everyone's anxiety and mental illness overall is subject and different for everyone, with different causes and triggers. I just wanna share my story of how I combated mine, and maybe hopefully it helps someone. These panic attacks started around a year ago. They started shortly after I lost my brother in a car accident. I don't know if it's because we're so close in age (by a mere 10 months) but afterwards, a lot of my thoughts revolved around the looming feeling that I was next or I would just drop dead. I've never been scared of death as I spent a lot of my childhood in the hospital and almost died more times than I should've, those experiences made me come to face with and accept death at a young age. As the weeks piled into months, my mind started feeling more clouded and boggled with these intrusive thoughts, it felt like a switch in my brain was stuck on panic mode. Like my survival instinct was malfunctioning and I would drop dead at any second. The more I repressed these thoughts and feelings, the more pressure built up in my head, until they unleashed an emotive response in the form of panic attacks. I was losing myself.

&amp;#x200B;

It started out as only inducing panic attacks when I would get high or use certain substances. They would only happen sometimes but I could always feel it festering to my core. I know the answer seemed obvious, stop getting high and doing this shit if it induces panic attacks, right? The thing with that is I've always had a decent control of my anxiety, and I feel like if something that never made me anxious before is suddenly making me anxious, then there's probably some newly developing underlying issue I should deal with instead of letting my mental illness control my life to where I can't actually live. Although I did take a break from weed and substances for awhile, only using them seldom to relax and meditate.

&amp;#x200B;

Despite cutting out a lot of the triggers, my anxiety was getting worse. My back and shoulders were constantly seizing up and spasming, I couldn't think straight, every sensation I felt was dread and agitation accompanied by pins and needles, I had no motivation to do anything and nothing to look forward to. I was in constant autopilot. My panic attacks were brutal; they would cause me to feel like half my body was going numb, my head or heart would explode, a neuron would misfire and I would drop dead (I still go back to this thought sometimes and laugh at how stupid it sounds), I kept convincing myself I would have a heart attack or stroke or seizure or whatever self-diagnoses my anxiety could conjure up to fuel itself...I'm 22. It didn't help I was in a toxic environment either.

&amp;#x200B;

I honestly thought it was over and I would never be myself again, and dealing with an ever-growing depression on top of that makes it hard to care for yourself, you just feel too numb and beaten to care. I decided if this was my life, I might as well just be dead, so I started combating those thoughts, and started forcing myself to (gradually but firmly) reclaim control of my life by letting go and feeling instead of thinking, forcing myself to eat and exercise, even if just walking, my body started to gradually relax itself and my mind was starting to clear. I was drinking a bottle of water and then it hit me. Dehydration. My eyes are always dry, my lips are always chapped, my nose is always plugged. I've barely drank any water in months, and when I did, my vision was clear, my sinuses were clear, my muscles relaxed. It almost felt like a natural high. I've barely drank any water in months and my body was barely cleansing itself. It didn't help I was relying on caffeine to simulate energy. When you're clouded and drained, and when your mental illness sucks you too deep, not only is it really easy to neglect yourself in terms of health, but you also adopt some terrible habits. I noticed exercising and forcing myself to eat a bit helped me feel a little better, in the moment, but water was what made me feel life. Cut a few weeks later, I drink at least a bottle a day and I feel like I'm getting back to normal. No anxiety, muscles relaxing, clearer mind, and I always feel high without drugs. Drinking water feels euphoric in itself. I did it. I got to the root of my life-draining condition.

&amp;#x200B;

I know everyone is different, everyone's anxiety and mental illness is experienced subjectively with different causes and triggers. Medication may help some while worsening others, and therapy may work for some but not others. Or neither could work. But I swear water is so grazed over sometimes I finally see the importance of staying hydrated.

&amp;#x200B;

So I guess this is a reminder to drink water\~"
60,neu,"I’ve been doing very well with my anxiety. When I started this journey, I was having 2+ panic attacks a day. I hadn’t had a panic attack in a few months. Until tonight. 

I’m set to graduate either cum laude or magna cum laude with my Bachelors of Arts in English. I’ve been guaranteed a graduate assistantship that will pay my tuition and a stipend. I’ve worked my ass off getting as many scholarships and grants as I have time to apply for. My professors are ecstatic I applied and have said they are looking forward to helping further my education and career. 

So why do I feel like the biggest fraud and imposter? What if I get accepted and take the place of someone who genuinely deserves it more than I do? If my brain could just calm the fuck down, I’d appreciate it."
61,neu,
62,neu,"I thought it was just indigestion, idk maybe it was but I was waking up every hour last night gasping for air with anxiety. This morning I was pacing around crying. I finally researched a weed for anxiety and it helped. I’m already on anxiety/anti-depressants. This has never happened to me so randomly since being on medication. Why the fuck is this happening?? :("
63,neu,And it feels amazing. And then the panic comes back. So annoying.
64,neu,
65,neu,I feel another panick attack about to happen. :(
66,neu,"I had the worst heart palpitation today in the middle of the movie theater and ran out crying and puked. I thought I was dying. 

I’m tired of this."
67,neu,"I get massive panic attacks pretty frequently when I am stressed out but this one was new
I had one yesterday night where I was feeling breathless n shaking and then somehow managed to zone out and sleep and woke up in the middle of the night only to find out that the anxiety and breathlessness was still there."
68,neu,"I had my first panic attack ever five months ago. Went to the hospital with elevated heart rate and thought I was having a heart attack.

I have not had one since and generally feel okay but I’m still living in mortal fear it will happen again, because it came out of nowhere so there 
aren’t any triggers I can look out to avoid.

At this point, I have a pretty stress free life and few good. However, my only anxiety is that I’m going to have another panic attack. It’s a panic attack about a panic attack.

It’s like I had a heart attack and now I know I could have another one randomly. It’ll always be hanging over my shoulder the rest of my life...

Worst thing that could ever happen to me.

I know there’s no solution either beyond learning to calm myself down if it ever happens again or using medication... it’s like the genie is out of the bottle.

Very depressing"
69,neg,I just want the stress to stop
70,compound,"I (21f) have been diagnosed with GAD and take 20mg fluoxetine daily. Last night I was hanging out with some friends and my first ever panic attack. 

I was smoking a little weed (from a dab pen) and drinking a little (less than 2 drinks). I’ve smoked more and drank more at the same time many times before and been fine. But last night I guess I got too high too fast and started freaking out. My heart was racing, my friend who is a nurse measured my heart rate at 180bpm even though I was just sitting on the couch! I really, really felt like I was having a heart attack and about to die. Eventually I calmed down enough to go to sleep. 

Now, about 15 hours later, I still have a slightly elevated heart rate (90ish bpm) and my hands are still shaking. Is this normal or expected after a panic attack? Looking for advice/comfort because I don’t know what is normal vs what is a true reason to worry. TIA"
71,neu,My favorite show of all time and deals with panic attacks and how even a ruthless mob boss can still not be immune to them. A great watch for anyone who hasn’t seen it! Definitely helped me with my anxiety
72,neu,"Hi everyone! It was a real relief to stumble upon this subreddit and seeing that there are so many others!

This past Wednesday 9/9 I had a panic attack while I was at work. My chest was tight, I was dizzy, and for a split second I felt like I wasn't there. I immediately went to see the nurse and she told me the symptoms sounded like a panic attack.

Later that evening the feeling didn't go away, so I went to urgent care and she told me the same thing. She prescribed me Hydroxyzine and told me to follow up with my pcp.

I took it when I arrived home and I felt like my symptoms worsened as I was trying to fall asleep. I rushed to the ER, they ran an EKG, high contrast CT, and they did some blood tests. I've never had high blood pressure and I was 177/120. Everything came back fine. So he sent me home and asked me to follow up with pcp. Unfortunately my pcp isn't able to see me until Monday. I've had this tightness in my chest coming and going since then. I feel it more when I'm at home than when I'm at work. I know everything came out fine with my tests but, of course, I can't help but worry.

Tonight was our 8 year anniversary together and I began to hyperventilate while we were having dinner. I reached out to my friend whose been diagnosed with anxiety for years now and she helped me so much. But it's only temporary. Trying to go to bed is the worst part of it because everything gets so loud when I'm laying in bed. I'm just trying to make it until Monday.

I mainly wanted to ask (since I'm afraid to google anything) do any of you have panic attacks that last longer than a couple hours?"
73,neu,"We are a group of graduate students from the University of Washington and we are trying to learn more about people's experiences with panic attacks for a class project. We would like to know how you have reached out for support during an attack. All responses are anonymous and confidential.

Here is a link to the Google Form: [https://forms.gle/v567GLQBC8N9Nydz6](https://forms.gle/v567GLQBC8N9Nydz6)

Thank you!"
74,compound,"We were watching a horror movie when it happened. You didn’t know it at the time, but all my anxiety from the last couple of days was about to come out and rear its ugly head.

The movie ended and you glanced over at me as if you were looking for approval to start another. I was frozen on the opposite side of the couch. I couldn’t speak. My heart was beating out of my chest and I felt as if I was going to die. 

You spoke so softly. You did not force me to do anything, instead you let me hold onto your hand and reminded me to breathe. You were patient, so incredibly patient. 

Once I was more aware and calm, you took this opportunity to ask if I needed anything. I said I didn’t know. You suggested a Jim Gaffigan netflix special. I was okay with that. You let me cuddle with you and that was that. 

About halfway through the special, I glanced up at you and there were tears in your eyes. I asked what was wrong and you said you felt bad about what had happened. You said it was your fault for choosing to watch a horror movie, but that was far from the truth. 

I want you to know that your reaction was completely understandable and valid. I want you to know that I appreciated your presence and your calm demeanor. It helped more than you know. 

I love you. I love you so much."
75,neu,I just had my most severe panic attack last night cause I got too high. But when I was peaking I was hearing voices that I now know weren’t really there. I was supposed to be at a social event but I didn’t know how to verbalize what was going on and couldn’t even use my phone so I had to lay down for about 3 hours until it went away. I’ve had several before but not at this extreme. I was wondering if this is indicative of something larger or who I should talk to about this to potentially get treatment
76,neu,
77,neu,"this is my 3rd time in a couple months i got it after i went out a night drinking. Then the next day around afternoon/evening i get them for hours.

At the moment i still have one and dont know what to do, i try slow breathing but doesnt really help"
78,neu,"Reposting with a working link, you should be able to access the form now!

We are a group of graduate students from the University of Washington and we are trying to learn more about people's experiences with panic attacks for a class project. We would like to know how you have reached out for support during an attack. All responses are anonymous and confidential.

Here is a link to the Google Form: [https://forms.gle/v567GLQBC8N9Nydz6](https://forms.gle/v567GLQBC8N9Nydz6)

Thank you!"
79,neu,My panic attacks are always triggered by my teachers asking me questions. How can I prevent panic attacks at school?
80,neu,I'm trying to do school work but I felt a large pit form in my stomach and my breathing got quicker and I just started panicking for reasons unbeknownst to me. I'm on the verge of tears and I don't know what to do. The school work I'm doing has a timer but it turns off whenever you click off the page. I don't know what to do. I need to get this done tonight but I can't focus and complete the equation and knowing that is making this SO much worse.
81,neu,"So 2 nights ago I was drinking a beer and decided to take a dab. I’m a pretty regular smoker, but hadn’t smoked in about a week. I took the dab and it was wayyy too big. My heart instantly started beating crazy fast and seemed like it was going to pop out of my chest. I couldn’t breath, I was dizzy, had the chills, and my hands were tingling. I also had a sharp pain in the middle of my chest. I legit though I was having a heart attack and was scared beyond belief. This lasted about and hour and I have no previous issues with panic attacks or anxiety. Was this a panic attack or am I crazy? I’d also like to add that I never knew the symptoms of a panic attack or really what happens when you have one before this night so the symptoms were not self inflicted/ in my head."
82,neu,"I have a bad phobia and the other night something happened to trigger it. I only remember bits of what happened, I think I was coming in and out of consciousness. In the bits that i do remember i was crying and screaming at some points, and it felt like i couldnt breathe properly, i was so shaky and couldn't stand up. I couldn't speak at all and it was felt like i wasn't in control of my body. My friends had to call an ambulance for me.

I've had panic attacks before but they have felt no way near as bad as this and only last an hour at most. The other night lasted for hours and through to the next day. Two nights have passed and my heart is still racing and I'm still shaking. I can only remember bits of yesterday and the night before."
83,neu,Normally these meditations work but I’m starting to wondering if my condition is worsening.
84,neg,its so annoying..
85,neu,
86,neu,"Hi all. Celebrating a victory on my part as I have finally overcome my Panic Disorder. 


I was diagnosed with PTSD-C, GAD, ADD and Panic disorder. I can, with confidence, scratch off Panic Disorder on my list and soon to follow will be GAD. 


I am posting to shine hope on those who think they'll never get out of the darkness that is Anxiety/panic attacks. I've posted here before, asking for help and I've been in all your shoes. 


This past May I experienced my first major (10/10) panic attack that left me out of work for an entire week. I had all the symptoms, to the point my anxiety was so high I would vomit. My panic attacks were so bad I had 3 a day, I didn't sleep for 36hrs, I lost over 15lbs, went to the ER twice, and saw my doctor atleast 10 times. I would go to her ask ""What's wrong with me??"" Leaving stumped when it wasn't a legit medical condition. I've been there, felt that. 


There's Hope for all of you. You just have to believe in yourself. I believe in you. 


Shout outs to u/tryna01 and u/shittyowllamp. Who are amazing! They linger in this subreddit and give solid advice to those who will listen. 


I linger around in this subreddit as well (not frequently) and If anyone has questions I'll answer the best I can. 

P.s- on mobile so hopefully formatting isn't weird."
87,neu,"For many, panic attacks are caused by internal body sensations like a rapid heart beat, dizziness, shortness of breath and derealization. In these cases, a specific exposure therapy is needed called Interoceptive Exposure Therapy. I am a therapist that specializes in anxiety disorders and have guided my clients through this exposure therapy to recover from panic disorder.


[Interoceptive Exposure Therapy for Panic Disorder](https://youtu.be/mjZh3EK_uOE)"
88,compound,"Can someone please tell me how to make this stop? I’ve done everything to make it go away but nothing seems to help. I’ve had 4 EKGs performed this year, attend CBT appointments and even try exposure therapy. 

I used to be an avid runner. Now I consistently obsess over my heart health and panic any time I have a high heart rate...even during workouts! I wear an activity tracking device and it even says I have a healthy heart. Resting bpm around 50. 

I don’t know what else I can do to make it go away."
89,neu,"As the title says, my friend had a strange panic/self-hatred attack. I'm not sure exactly what it is, but while he was going through it he was grapsing his face really hard, scratching his arms, convulsing, and screaming/calling for help. When he broke out of the attack, he told me that the attack comes from a low mood and state of mind, and he was maniacally laughing while explaining to us why he hates us, while still convulsing. Like anyone would be, I'm extremely worried about him, so if anybody can tell me what exactly is wrong with him it would be greatly appreciate it. If this is the wrong Reddit page for this feel free to redirect me to one that could explain what's going on with him. Thank you!"
90,neu,"Looking for some feedback on whether or not what I experienced was a panic attack. I do have some anxiety but have had it pretty well under control.

Sunday morning 3am I hear my 5 year old daughter calling for me over the monitor - as she does a few times a week. I got up quickly and made my way to her room upstairs when she told me she needed to use the potty.  I sat on the side of the tub as she did her business. I gradually started getting dizzy, nauseous. Moved myself to the floor as it worsened, it occurred to me I might be getting hit with the stomach flu. Daughter decided she needed a drink of juice so we needed to go downstairs to the kitchen. Wasn't sure I could make it down the stairs, just kept getting dizzier and started feeling detached/out of body, I thought I might lose consciousness. I remember kind of stumbling down the last few stairs, got on my hands and knees at the bottom of the stairs and asked my daughter to go get her dad.  After a few moments I started crawling for our bedroom. When he came to me I could only say ""something is wrong with me"" but wasn't able to say much more. Stayed a while on the bedroom floor in a fetal/crouch position as my husband took care of our daughter and got her back to bed. All I can describe is that it was a sort out-of-body experience, I was very dizzy and really uncomfortably tingling in my whole body (though especially hands/feet) - like a painful pins &amp; needles but also hot/cold feeling and I feverish and towards the end I was shivering and weepy. I thought for sure we would be calling an ambulance, but all of the effects slowly faded and just had some lingering nausea by the time I fell back asleep. The whole event couldn't have been more than 5 minutes.

Does this sound like a panic attack? Is this what it feels like? Is it possible to have a panic attack in a mundane situation that isn't particularly anxiety-inducing?"
91,neu,"I was diagnosed 8 years ago with anxiety disorder with panic attacks and depressive disorder and I also take medication, but in the last 3 years, I have rarely had panic attacks (once a year), but I cannot give up the medications without my anxiety/depression returning.

My psychotherapist told me that the only way I can cure my panic attacks is to experience them and let them be (and to realize that they are just physical symptoms and there is no real danger).
She said that we could hyperventilate together in a session and cause myself a ""controlled"" panic attack, but I'm curious if I can do it alone (or if I should try to do it?)"
92,compound,I rarely have panic attacks anymore but I drank too much last night and the resulting hangover has left me feeling really anxious. I feel like my throat is closing up and I can’t breathe and I’ve got the shakes. I know I’ll probably be fine but it doesn’t feel good at the moment and I’m scared.
93,neu,"So far I’ve read, dare, panic away and Claire weeks. I get the idea and understand how panic works. I am looking for a step by step book. A lot of books tell you why it’s happening and whatnot. Or give little info on what to do. I get loosen accept. But I need a more in-depth book."
94,neu,"Hey all. I’m new to the community but not new to panic attacks.After a long period of time of holding a minimum wage job, I finally got a job that pays me well. The problem? It’s exposing me to things normal people fear and are disconnected from. I’m going to sample a slaughterhouse in a couple days. Not just the facility, but the carcasses, watch the killing process, watch the steer get bled out, cut apart, and I’m afraid I can’t handle it.

This girl was talking about how students pass out every year touring the slaughterhouse, which is my greatest fear when I have an attack: losing consciousness. I don’t want to pansy our, but also would like some tips to m be able to handle this. The place (I’ve been there) is brightly lit, loud, and uncomfortable even without animals being slaughtered. 

Is there a way to not pass out? As crazy as it sounds, I’m okay with having waves of panic as long as I can guarantee consciousness. I know I’m not going to be calm, but I don’t want it to show.

Any tips? I’ve heard tensing the legs is possibly helpful for things like blood phobia, but I’ve never gotten to practice that. If you have, does it work? Any other ideas?"
95,neu,"Hey guys, i'm new to this sub but i like you to tell you my story.

I'm a student in my twenties and lived a good&amp;happy life. I was raised in a wholesome happy family and am a respected guy with friends. Until August 2016 i lived my life very normal i would say but then came the incident, which could be the trigger to my current problems.  
We were hanging out with friends near a public pool and had a nice chilled party going on. One of my friends handed me a joint and i took a few hits. After that we went into the pool and swim a bit, after that did a lil stupid race and then went back to my friends place. I dont really know why but on the way back i had this weird thought in my head that i didnt't knew what was going on the last seconds and said in fun to myself ""haha, couldn't be that i had a horrible crash in these seconds (which i could not remember)"" and thought raised raised over the evening until i was just sitting there quiet in the corner and tried to stay the most calm i could. My brain started to make connections where nothing were like saying the song which was playing on the bluetooth speaker from my friend is the song which is played on my funeral and so on... I knew that this was all bullshit but was to scared to tell what was happening to my friends (bc its bullshit) and on the other side couldn't find a answer to the question if i was still alive or not. This was just scaring me and i always came up with nonsense which was still scary bc there is no answer for this. After that incident i started questioning my surroundings more and was suffering from DP/DR. This all scared the shit out of me and i didn't know how to deal with it. Bc of the things told and the questioning of reality i started to worry if i could trust myself anymore. I had a panic attack while driving car cause of the short amount it just takes to have an accident and die. Can i trust myself that I will not turn the steering wheel around in the middle of the road and crash? I dont want to do this but these compulsive thoughts are still there. What if i would just jump from a house/bridge? I just needs a short time of madness and puff its gone. Why would i not stand up take a knive and do something with it? Can i trust myself even in that panic phases? Something which triggers this phases is the darkness i feel.  
And now because of this compulsive thoughts i think sometimes i go crazy and i'm just scared of this aswell. Who knows if i just go mad in a blink of an eye? I watched Joker recently and during the movie i just had a panic attack that this can happen to me aswell because i think sometimes i go crazy. During this panics i just feel far away from my surroundings and everything else feels blurry. Will i get normal and happy again? Can someone help me to handle all this? Sorry for the long post...  


Scared guy"
96,neu,"Hi everyone. I'm sorry if this is bothersome but I couldn't find an answer on google. I have not been diagnosed with anxiety but I do experience frequent panic attacks. Lately, I've been having at least one every day. One thing that often triggers it is the sound of a person walking up the stairs (also, doors opening/closing, hearing/reading certain things, and my dad yelling all tend to cause anxiousness and even panic attacks for me). Even just thinking about it now my chest is hurting a bit. Is it normal for full-fledged attacks to start because of something so small?"
97,neu,
98,neu,"I have a lot on my mind. School, my health etc and I guess I was over thinking and I felt like I was having a heart attack. This happened 4 times already. I remember it lasted 8 hours. On google said a panic attack last 5-10 minutes 20 tops. the emergency room diagnosed it as a panic attack. I thought it was a anxiety attack because I have anxiety, bipolar and depression. But the doctor in the ER said it’s a panic attack not a anxiety attack. She said panic attacks are worse. I’m asking because now it’s happening again. I remember the doctor en the ER told me if I have another one I need to breathe in and out and try to take my mind off it. Is this really a panic attack? What doctor I see for panic attacks?"
99,neu," So today I called in sick

 And to make a long story short I'm panicking throughout  the entire experience

Reading a book in the state isn't even possible because it's just it just won't work I've tried it and we can forget that

I'm thinking of playing video games but I am filled with regret that I called in to work sick that I can't.... it's hard for me to start.  

I just need to tell someone

  Because of course I called in sick but I have absolutely nothing to do today and it's a wasted day and my husband's at work so I'm like bored out of my mind"
100,compound,"I take clonazapam but it doesn’t help them anymore. I can’t talk to my therapist because I genuinely dislike her after our last session. She told me not eating for 12 days was “normal” and not unhealthy because “plenty of people fast for cultural reasons”, she knows I have an ED, so I don’t trust anything she says...but  we all know the cost of switching offices. I can’t afford to right now."
101,neu,Anyone have experience alleviating any symptoms using diet?
102,neu,"I’ve been dealing with anxiety/panic and depression since I was a teen. It really showed it’s true colors when my dad was sick and after he passed away. I went through years of therapy and really working hard at trying to overcome it. I did for a while but I started making the connection to when a loved one is sick, I lose my sh*t and I’m guessing that’s a big trigger for me. One therapist said she thinks it’s a bit of PTSD from losing my dad. I believe it. But how do I make this stop? Recently my grandmother has been very ill and everything came flooding back. I hate hospitals, I hate illness, but it’s a part of life, right? Idk for some reason I just can’t handle it. I break down completely. I think the worst immediately, I shake, my stomach turns, I can’t eat, I want to cry all the time. My family doesn’t understand and I don’t tell many people so I needed to vent. I feel it’s ridiculous to get this worked up over someone being ill. Yes, it’s sad but my reaction is debilitating. My mother will say “this is life, people get sick, people die”....I cannot process it that easily. Another huge fear I have is losing my mom. Every day I worry excessively over it. Like I said, I was good for a long time....but all it takes is one trigger like someone getting sick and ending up in the hospital and I completely freak out. Obsessed over when they may die and will I have to witness it. It’s almost as if I have to keep distance from everyone I love because I’m afraid to lose them. Does that make sense? Does anyone else have this fear? Or something similar?"
103,compound,"I know what you may be wondering, ""I was doing so well, I thought I might be able to beat this thing...but then all of a sudden, my anxiety symptoms just came back with full force. I feel like I've made no progress at all.""

These were my thoughts almost every other day when I was struggling, and once I figured out how to handle these bad days, I exponentially began having better days.

I wanted to give some on how to deal with setbacks and recover. I recovered without any meds, or supplements btw. I focused on acceptance, exposure, and patience (I talk more about recovery below).

1. Recognize setbacks are a part of recovery. Many people think recovery is linear, like healing a broken bone. Truth is, recovery is more like 2 steps forward, one step back...and sometimes, its like makes 2 steps forward and 4 steps back. THAT IS A SETBACK. It's easy to think you haven't made any progress. But you have. Recognize setbacks are vital to recovery.
2. Setbacks get less intense over time. The better you get, the more resilient your nerves become. Some setbacks will be worse than others, but the main focus is not trying to figure it all out. Overtime, the intensity of setbacks decrease, and the gap between them widen until, good days and bad days feel the same...where every day is an amazing day.
3. Worst thing you can do during a setback is go back to your old habits. If you start google searching, going on forums, getting assurance from doctors...what you are really doing is trying to figure something out so that you stop these feelings. It's a sophisticated form of avoidance. Allow yourself to feel the setback and know it's part of the process.

I've created a video to really dive deep into the steps of recovery in the link below. I also talk about what I did to recover in way more depth in the link below.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFrqgegSsKQ&amp;feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFrqgegSsKQ&amp;feature=youtu.be)

I hope this inspires some hope and minimizes much of the confusion around setbacks.

Best of luck to you all."
104,neu,
105,neu,"I just had my first panic attack earlier this week. The most terrifying thing I’ve ever gone through. I haven’t had one since then but I’ve felt really susceptible to getting one. I am a chronic smoker (cigarettes and weed) and never had any issues, but now all of a sudden I feel like I can’t do either. Every time I take a drag of anything (unless I’ve been drinking because alcohol almost eliminates my anxiety) then I start to feel short of breath and panicky which never happened before. Wondering if anyone else has dealt with this / knows why it’s happening?"
106,neu,"Hey guys, So today I was at school and I was sitting in my desk and felt pretty tired so I closed my eyes while leaning back in my chair and I opened my eyes and looked around and very thing looked like static and my heart was beating really fast I looked at my friend and started saying “I felt really f**ing wierd dude I feel really f**king wierd” and stood up because I was freaking out and so the teacher took me out to get water and I started to feel better and they called my parents to come pick me up. I’m still a little bit shocked and scared of what happen because I thought I was gonna die and it was a really scary experience. But I’m still scared because I don’t know if it was a anxiety/panic attack or somthing worse.
The static look of everything is the best I can describe it (it is pretty hard to describe)"
107,neu,"I've posted alot on here recently....a month ago I started having acute attacks out of the blue again for the first time in years(been on SSRI's and had emergency vistril)  bad enough to end me up in the er thinking I was dying 3 times. Got benzos, and they have helped me get back to some semblance of a normal life again. This week I've been feeling great, so I haven't taken any benzos. The last two nights though my attacks have changed from hyperventilation and tight chest etc to what feels like an insanely high heart rate when it only measures 95bpm at its highest. Anyone advice, or anyone deal with the symptoms changing like this  just when you think you have life back"
108,neu,"I’m 31 and have had 4-6 panic attacks throughout my adult life. Today was the worst. A bad day at work, just compiled. It felt like one thing after the other. I figured it was just a sh*tty day. Then my dad called. He was at my house, planning on meeting up with a contractor on a small project. It was around 2:30pm. The appointment was supposed to be at 3pm. I thought my husband had left the key in our hide-a-key. My dad said the key wasn’t there. . . And it was like something snapped in me and not in a good way. I could not breathe. I had tears in my eyes. Over such a small thing. I panicked. If they couldn’t get in the house, I would lose the appointment.i started to gather my stuff to leave the office.  My coworkers thought someone had died, literally I could tell they thought my dad caked me to tell me someone died. I live about 40 minutes away from where I work. I rushed home. I cried pretty much the whole way home. I called my mom. She tried to make me feel better, but ultimately didn’t understand why I was reacting in such a way to something so small. Honestly, my brain couldn’t comprehend it either. Lonnnng story short. I got home in time for the appointment and everything was fine. But then my brain was thinking about how crazy my boss and coworkers must think I am. Which set me in to another set of panic. I’ve basically been in and out of tears since 2:30 this afternoon. I still feel jittery. 

For anyone that made it thru this story.... how long do these effects last? Any advice? I am making a therapist appointment. 

Thanks"
109,neu,"This horrible person I used to call my best friend (10+ years) literally staged an intervention a few months ago that caused me to have to move out of our home because I was “addicted to painkillers” I was literally only on them for 2-3 weeks, after multiple surgeries, and how I was “suicidal” and “needed help” (the only time I ever mentioned harming myself was while I was trying to explain the level of pain I was in without medication because she did NOT get it. ) She just wanted me out because I had a child that she “hates and should have been aborted” I hate this girl so much, there are too many reasons to list. 

A girl I train with at the gym casually brought it up tonight because I mentioned I was living somewhere new, and she told me the other roommate had told her “things” about me. Her and the other roommate are both condescending bitches who think that if you don’t enjoy Shakespeare’s work, you’re a complete idiot. That it’s totally cool to cheat on your bf, and that because I was fired from work (for having panic attacks) I “needed to find another job ASAP” (the bills were covered, and my mother had my back during this time) they would constantly push me to apply for jobs I KNEW I COULDN’T WORK AT. 

I started going OFF about her. I told them one of the gross things she used to do and feel embarrassed for stooping so low. (It was using our *shared* cooking oil as lube to cheat on her bf 4+ times a week with strangers) No one I train with had ever seen me emotional whatsoever. 
So worried the girls I train with are now judging me for spilling my guts, or think I WAS addicted to drugs because of how defensive and mad I got, or that I was slut shaming her. 

I didn’t even know how strongly I felt until I got in my car and couldn’t even drive. I thought I was over it. I am clearly not. I hate her for doing that to me and as much as I don’t want to hate anyone FUCK HER. 

I’m shaking so hard even after meds. I have to be up early and don’t know how the fuck I’m going to go to bed with her condescending voice cycling through my mind, or worrying about the other girls judging me for my reaction to them bringing it up. They’ve never seen me mad. 

I can’t fucking breathe. My heart feels like it’s ripping out of my chest. 

If you made it to the end somehow, thank you for listening. This is the worst attack I’ve had in at least a year."
110,neu,
111,neu,"Panicking too hard to format for askdocs keeps getting removed 

F/27/130lbs/5’9’/GAD, anorexia/clonazapam 

Has anyone here freaked out over a bee sting? 

I’ve been stung as a child with no issue, I had a bee sting me about an hour ago and am having a panic attack. I’m afraid to go to sleep because “what if I’m allergic now” is an hour long enough to tell? I’m dizzy, sweaty and am having some chest pain but this could be from the panic attack. 

Can I go to sleep/Should I be concerned?"
112,neu,So these past few days I’ve been extremely emotionally numb and the last 2 days I haven’t had the urge to eat anything...am I okay? I’ve been stressed to the max lately and very depersonalized and derealized.
113,neu,"Just found out I may be going blind at age 25. Here's the other crap that piles on my plate that seems to all come crashing down around me when I'm feeling extremely distressed:

- Ny mom died 3 years ago from leukemia a little before my 22nd birthday. She was my best friend... the only being  in the world whom I felt the most loved by and comfortable with 

- My dad has so many problems but has especially been noticing his fast decline in short term memory and I'm very worried about him living by himself 

-My boss at a new, big job for me, causes so much stress and anger with her constant bullying, micromanaging, and overall ultra bitchiness 

-i just put my best furry cat friend down due to a tumor the size of a softball, extensive stage 3 kidney disease, and more medical problems that cost me $3000 

I got stoned so I could calm down and that's temporarily working to keep me from going out and buying a gun to kill myself. So that's why I'm afraid to have a gun even though concealed carry is very popular in my state and it would be very easy to get a gun"
114,neu,"I have been feeling really down lately, due to panic attacks. I had my first one in July this year and I've never been the same, I feel so depressed and anxious all due to me thinking I was crazy- and then triggering a panic attack.

 I just, never feel real due to these attacks. Like, a detachment to reality, but not anything like dying or something else. It's a extremely wierd feeling and I just want to git rid of it so badly.

If you have any recommendations to help me I would literally love you! I really want help so I'm starting here"
115,neu,"Hello I'm 21 and a pretty quiet guy, until you get to know me. Every now and again, when I get really stressed about something or worried I'll eventually have a panic/anxiety attack or nervous break down. I'm not sure. They only happen a few times a year. My first one happened around  the start of my senior year because I was worrying about graduation and life after highschool constantly. Sometimes I don't remember what happens. One that I do remember is I woke up in the middle of the night freaking out about a dream I had where a teacher gave me an impossible task. The task was solve a question in the time allotted and she set down a 3 second timer. I freaked out when I woke up and stripped off my clothes down to my boxers and went and jogged around in the snow for about 10 minutes, until I realized how silly I looked and went back inside and went to sleep. The most recent one I had was about an hour ago. I was talking to my girlfriend about some worries how about marriage, because I'm proposing to her tomorrow at a party and she doesn't know. My coworker told me I gave her a hollow stare while crying and when she tried to comfort me I told her not to touch me and pushed her away. And said I needed to go for a walk. I came to down the road from my house shirtless. I live about 8 minutes away walking distances. I don't know if what I have is something serious or if it's something that can be learn to control. I'm embarrassed about going to the doctor about it. Some advice would help."
116,neu,
117,neg,Currently battling pretty bad anxiety :/ its not oetting me sleep
118,neu,"March 2019, i tried weed and had a panic attack/anxiety with derealisation. I got rid of it in 2 days because i knew it was just because of weed. 28th of june i tried again with the same friends only to see what will happen. Everything was fine until one of them started asking me dumb questions like: are you thinking you are dead right now, stuff like that. I got angry and got the same feeling again. Went to the bathroom immediately and washed my face with cold water. Everything was fine again. After 3-4 days i smoked again (i know its dumb of me to smoke and ofc i will not touch that shit again) i got the worst anxiety ever. Next day everything was fine. I knew it was because of weed and its ok if i dont smoke it. (So smoked 3 times only). After 1 month we were sitting and playing some boardgame where i got a panic attack which caused anxiety because i didnt know why it happened out of no where because i didnt smoke weed. Tested everything in my body and i dont have any issues with heart or head. They said its panic attacks. I accept it now and try to get rid of it. 
The only worries i have now is, that my systolic heartpressure goes sometimes down to 60 even tho i dont have a panic attack that moment. Also  my normal heartrate got down to 50 which was 65 ish before. My weight is the same but i lost alot of muscle and body fat even tho i eat normal as always. When i wake up im really weak and cant move/think/talk."
119,neu,"Yesterday when I woke up, I felt like I didn't care about anything and I felt sad. AT school, my friends ditched me at lunch, in math, none of them would be my partner and I was stuck alone, my best friend chose someone else over me, I forgot to bring my homework, and I was really stressed. Today, the same thing happened, and one of my classmates would not stop teasing and taunting me. I forgot to bring a book we were supposed to turn in, and I just felt awful emotionally. I felt overwhelmed and stressed for no apparent reason, and even though I knew I had to do my work, I procrastinated and got even more stressed and panicky. I feel like everyone is judging me, that I am a failure, and no one likes me. I can't do anything right, and no one will chose me to be their partner for an assignment. I have Social Anxiety, so being one of the last ones standing completely freaks me out, but talking to someone also freaks me out. I was crying for like 2 hours today at school, just because I felt so nervous and stressed. I've been feeling terrible for about the past week, and I don't know what I should do."
120,neu,"It’s been exactly a week since my first panic attack. Every morning now I wake up with slight chest pain, and my chest feels really heavy like it’s a chore to breathe. 
You know when you’re aware of you’re breathing and you have to do it manually? That’s what it feels like every morning. 
I know I might have another one sometime, but even if I don’t, did this one panic attack change everything forever? Will I ever feel the same in my body again?"
121,neu,"Panic is awful. I am a therapist that specializes in anxiety disorders. These videos will walk you through what to do. The “Calm the Body” series are techniques to practice daily to stay calm. And the Panic series describes what to do in a panic attack. The “Welcome the Panic” technique is particularly important. I hope they help you. 

[Panic Attacks Series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1lUhuKpYUYpAWCG-zlNQONAH8LN67CTJ)

[Calm the Body Series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1lUhuKpYUYqqCAU1z5ocH2j63-hjlpCl)

[Why CBT Does Not Always Work on Panic](https://youtu.be/PYC12-VW_m0)"
122,neu,"For the last week and a half I’ve had really annoying palpitations and then when I’m right about to drift off to sleep I feel like my heart skips a beat or something. It absolutely scares me into staying awake. Whether that’s happening or not, I’m getting zero sleep because of this and I’m starting to go crazy. Does anyone else have this? If so, what do you do about it and how do you get sleep?"
123,neu,
124,neu,Hi I am new to this subreddit. About two weeks ago I took a low dose vitamin d pill (around 2000i.u.) and experienced a serious panic attack soon afterwards. Since then I panic almost every night and my neck is also really tight and hurts. Has anyone ever had similar experiences with vitamin d?
125,neu,"It all started when I started taking adderall from January-April. I would smoke a bit of weed either towards the end of the day after taking adderall or the next day of taking adderall. I started to get an extremely intense feeling in my heart, it would start beating so fast I thought I was going to die multiple times. I felt like my resting heart rate reached 170+. I had like 3 bad panic attacks during this time. I remember one of them vividly because it scarred me- I was on my knees hoping for my heart to relax. 

I took adderall for like 3-4 months then stopped. 3 months after stopping (during the summer) I’d continue having this sort of anxiety by thinking of the past negative experiences- it would come about again from smoking weed or drinking coffee (before adderall I could do these two substances without a problem). I remember breaking down one time after smoking and just uncontrollably crying because I was having another bad panic attack, and it was hard to catch my breath. After all of this I made sure to get my heart checked out and the results came out fine

Around this time I remember being in a confused, depressed state and felt like I was going crazy. My anxiety was never this bad before. I had mini panic attacks going on as well. For the most part if I didn’t smoke or drink coffe I was okay 

After summer, first day of classes (maybe end of August) I drank coffee. Over an hour later in one of my classes I started to get light headed and it was hard to breathe, and out of no where I started to fear that I was in danger and started panicking due to my heart rate increasing. I couldn’t control it a bit and my chest was tight. There was no way I could sit still for the whole class so I left and went to my dorm. I called my mom and explained everything. During it I started to freak out even more, and my heart rate probably reached up to one of the fastest it’s been like in the first paragraph. I immediately called 911 this time because I was on the ground thinking I was going to have a heart attack or something. I was extremely scared. When the ambulance came I calmed down and same for when I got to the hospital. I hate how it just comes and goes randomly. I feel like they  catch me when I was really struggling

It’s been like 2 months since the first day of school and just when I started to think it was getting slightly better,  I’m starting to get the bad panic attacks again. This time I didn’t even drink coffee or smoke. I had stopped drinking  coffee since the panic attack during class. I was just sitting in my class not even thinking about anything, and it just hits me like a train. It was unbearable, I was frozen. I got extremely light headed, jittery, and overwelmingly anxious. I don’t even know how I got up and left without collapsing. I went to counseling at my university and it helped a bit

Literally two days after (today) I was eating in the parking lot of taco bell, again, not thinking of anything, then it comes on again. I just can’t control it, as much as I try breathing and focusing on something else I just dive deeper and deeper, giving in to the panic that I don’t even know why is happening in the first place. I then felt like I was going crazy again so I called the ambulance. Of course after they come I start to calm down

I don’t get why this is happening to me still. I literally don’t smoke nearly as much and don’t drink coffee anymore. This panic state I get in makes no sense anymore because before I use to think there was something wrong with my heart and it would trigger the panic attack. Now all it takes is the thought/fear of getting an anxiety attack to trigger it. I feel like I’ve changed for the worse. I want this to just go away forever. It’s affecting my social life and school. This sucks :/"
126,neu,"I feel sooo bad right now, wish i had i pill that would stop it"
127,neu,"I had the worst attack yet, I was sitting alone at home completely unbothered and all of a sudden my entire body panicked. I almost overdosed on my anxiety medication. I’m a Doctor, I know it would’ve killed me, but I just needed it to stop. I called my boyfriend, and all I did was cry hysterically on the phone. 7 hours later, and now I’m still exhausted, with a terrible headache and completely ashamed of myself."
128,neu,"Ever since i was in disco i though i was going to die. I literally felt my heart vibrating, it hurt like hell, i went out after 10 minutes in disco and after that day i had panic attacks day after day 2 times a day. I went to the ER twice , they did heart ultrasound, longtime EKG  long time BP everything. Panic attacks subsided now but i have constant fear for my heart... does anyone have this too?"
129,neu,"She has been getting regular panic attacks since taking antibiotics in December.

We’ve tried talking to doctors with little help. Medication is not an option.

It seems the panic attacks could be tied to her menstrual cycle and/or food, mostly sugar and milk. She feels so tense all the time, has random pains in weird places, muscle and joint pain. When the attacks come she feels her heart is racing (her pulse is higher but it’s not going scary fast) and she can’t breathe. I’ve tried helping her with breathing exercises but these make her feel more exhausted rather than calm. 

She said she feels like someone is threatening her all the time.

Any pointers for how I can help?"
130,neu,"I’ve had anxiety for as long as I can remember. My anxiety always comes and goes - for the past two years, I’ve had almost zero anxiety. Recently, I’ve started to have panic attacks again and they have never been this bad.

I’ve been having multiple consecutive panic attacks. Today, over the course of about 40 mins, I had over 15 really bad panic attacks. I’d have one or two, they’d subside, and a few minutes later I’d have them again. I was driving at the time and almost drove myself to the hospital. I couldn’t relax until I got home.

A lot of my anxiety is health related - this time, I got a weird feeling in my throat and felt like I couldn’t breathe - that my throat might close up. I couldn’t talk myself out of it.

Has anyone dealt with this before? I don’t know what to do. I feel so alone and scared that this will happen again. I’m not sure exactly what I’m looking for here, I just wanted to put it out there."
131,neu,"For me it happens before. All of a sudden I detach and freak out, and go into a panic attack. Anyone else?"
132,neu,
133,neu,"First some backstory. The past year I've been diagnosed with light autism and ADHD-PI at the age of 42. I'm a male, 42 years old, married with one 10 year old daughter. 

I've been working for the same company for the past 15 years now. It's the best job I've every had. During that time I got 2 promotions. But the past year at work has been very rough for me. For some reason things that I did for those past 15 years with great efficiency and success have become very difficult. I forget stuff, I procrastinate, I make stupid mistakes. This has led me to investigate what is wrong with me and ultimately led to both my above mentioned diagnoses.

I get these episodes where I literally freeze out of fear. Or maybe sheer terror is a better term. My stomach turns and I can't think straight. I can't think at all. I'm constantly having very strange heart palpitations. Thinking about or doing other stuff usually helps. Usually I hide in the toilet. Or browse the internet for solutions. Now it's posting to Reddit. It also prevents me from making stupid mistakes. But constantly doing other stuff out of self protection turns into procrastination, which leads to more problems and more fear.

Worst thing is, nobody sees or knows this. It all happens internally. I can literally be throwing up in the toilet due to the tension and 2 minutes later step out, get asked: ""How are you?"" by a colleague and I'll reply: ""Fine thanks, and you?"" automatically. My masking and self control are above excellent. I haven't cried in the past 30 years. I did disclose my two diagnoses to my manager. And he knows I'm having some difficulties, but not to what extent. 

It's clear to me that I need help, but I'm having a very hard time getting it with my 6'4"", muscular build and always stoic face. It's all internal. The prospect of having a heart attack is actually starting to look like sweet relief at this point. 

What do I do?"
134,neu,I haven’t really done substances like that- I talked about adderall (which I used months ago because I believe I have ADHD) and weed in which I use to be a heavy smoker. The vibe in the waiting room almost had me on the verge of a panic attack. I just tried accepting it for the first time and it’s starting to work a bit. Anyone there to talk at the moment?
135,neu,I need someone to talk to. I'm super stressed out I'm worried I'm scared I'm anxious all the time. This isn't me I dont know what to do.
136,neu,"I am so scared of the dentist. I can do xrays fine but a cleaning or novacaine worries me so much. I curl up and cry like a baby and then have massive panic attacks. Im to the point where I NEED to get cavities filled. (About 12 😩) My teeth feel uncomfortable and I don’t want this to evolve into having to get root canals if they could have easily been filled cavities. I was also told I have early gingivitis about 5 months ago. They wanted to do a deep cleaning so I avoided the dentist for a while and did alcohol based mouthwash daily in addition to brushing with a gum line brush. My gums bleed less but some parts still bleed easy, so I know its not gone completely. I just called a dentist and I have an appointment in a week. Theyre doing a cleaning and measuring the gingivitis.  I know Im going to bleed when they go in with the toothbrush and floss and it freaks me out so bad. I cant calm down just thinking about it. I fear the minute I taste blood Ill faint or something from being so uncomfortable and scared. Did anyone have a dentist fear that they overcame and how? Or can anyone offer comforting words about this lol. Im feeling really anxious just thinking about it. I start breathing faster and my hands get clammy. I know I need this done and have told myself that I cant get married until its done. (Supposed to get married next year) Thank you in advanced. :)"
137,neu,
138,neu,Had the worst experience yesterday felt like I was going to die . Heart was racing so fast was confused and felt like my soul was out of my body had to breath slowly to calm my self down .
139,neu,"Have been feeling really panic-ish all day. That nervous feeling you get before it gets really bad:( I feel like I'm gonna die. Of course i know I wont, but I don't know how to believe it. I feel like I cannot breathe. Like I'm chocking. What do you usually do when you are in this state? (if anyone even recognizes it) how do i stop it from getting worse. Last time I felt like this I ended up going to the hospital because I was so convinced I would die. Help?"
140,neu,"First time ever posting. I’ve suffered from anxiety for 13 years and have only had 3 panic attacks. This one started Friday and I went to the ER swearing it was a heart attack. They said panic attack and gave me Valium but my brain refuses to accept it’s just a panic attack. I’m non stop dizzy, my chest has hurt for days, and I am starting to be terrified to leave my house. Has anyone ever had a panic attack last days? I don’t take medicine for my anxiety and usually can control it to an extent but this is a whole new genre of panic. My brain swears it’s a heart attack. I’m starting to cry non stop because I just want it to be over. The Valium has helped to an extent but I’m terrified to run out of what the ER gave me since my regular dr doesn’t prescribe benzos. Again, anyone else experience days of this?! HELP!"
141,neu,"I don’t like theme park rides. A mixture of a loss of control and a fear of heights. My girlfriend wanted to go on this sort of ski lift thing that traversed over the fair with your legs dangled over the seat, and I honestly thought it’d be fine.

It wasn’t fine. As soon as we started moving up, I seized up and gripped the railing. Wasn’t much keeping you in your seat, and I realized I could easily fall or slip out of the seat to my death if I lost control. I started losing control of my breathing and hyperventilating. Started sweating profusely. My brain was screaming at me to run. Maybe the first time I’ve ever sensed my sanity slipping as the animal part of my brain took hold. I could suddenly empathize with every horse or cow that’s ever freaked and bolted and understood the purpose of blinders.

I don’t know how I got through it, but I focused on my breathing and my presence and tried to distract my head. Kept my eyes upwards. Kept them closed sometimes, which helped. I don’t know what to say, I was an inch away from completely losing it and I don’t know what would have happened if I’d had, as there was nothing physically restraining me in place. Could feel my body going numb as I was breathing too fast.

Surreal experience. Maybe most terrified I’ve ever been. Main difference from instances before, I think, was not having any exit or means of controlling the situation. Had to vent."
142,neu,"So I started getting panic attacks 2 years ago while I was living in London (this is relevant because you can’t get benzos that easy there) had them for about 4 months straight pretty much every night. I went on holiday back home in Mexico and did some EMDR sessions which completely made them go away, before that tho I bought some Xanax, I only had to take it a couple times since they stopped happening after I went to the therapist. 

Weed was how it originally started so I stopped smoking for about 8 months, and then I started smoking again. About 4 months in to it I started getting panic attacks again. I never got the full blown experience since I had my Xanax. Since then I’ve gotten insomnia as well which I take melatonin for, melatonin gives me panic attacks tho so I always take a Xanax beforehand. I’ve been taking .5 for the last month, I’m starting to build up a tolerance but don’t want to start taking a higher dose.

I guess my question is, has anyone stopped taking benzos and just let themselves feel everything? I know some people say that a way to stop them from happening is to get used to and accept the feeling and that they are just a discomfort and not actually harmful.

I’m thinking about taking the melatonin tomorrow without the Xanax tomorrow night and just letting whatever happens happen. 

Any thoughts? Advise? 

I’m not sure if this made any sense but it’s the best way I could put it. Needless to say, I’m never smoking weed again."
143,neu,"***Trigger Warning***

Bit of context, 25 year old female, diagnosed with panic disorder this year. I quit my corporate 9-5 soul sucking job to focus on my Honours. I'm trying to get First Class so I can do my PhD next year.  Putting massive pressure on myself. Been dealing with depression and anxiety for years now. I'm in therapy, doing CBT and on antidepressants (although I sometimes forget to take them). This particular break down yesterday was absolutely crazy and scared the shit out of me and my partner. My thesis is due in like 6 days and I've been freaking the fuck out. I've barely left the house in weeks (yay agoraphobia). I turned suicidal and violent. Smashed a massive hole in our wall which my partner has since fixed. In the worst of the panic I just wanted it all to end. I've had suicidal thoughts before. I ran outside and my partner stopped me from running into traffic and from looking for knives. I ended up in a dissociative state for an hour or so while he just held me and cried. The only thing that pulled me out of it was digging my nails into my skin until I bled. The whole experience honestly scared the shit out of the both of us. I feel like I'm still emotionally hungover from it. I guess I'm asking for advice and support? Anyone ever experienced panic disorder to this degree before?"
144,neu,then tried square breathing exercise but this time forcing my abdomen to expand while I breathe in.. surprised how fast my panic ended..  has anyone tried doing this?
145,neu,"
Is it bad to be a young adult (14-19) and have panic/anxiety attacks? To cry for several hours? To think the world is against them? For the reasons that they over analyze their own actions the impact of their actions and quite possibly over estimate the consequences? To worry about money (even though middle class) and question their older brothers (4.5years older) intellect due to their lack of owner ship of a license of 5 years and already totaling 2 cars which puts monetary strains on said family cause the younger sibling to want to spend as little as possible yet still indulges on desires (games and stuff) causing them to hate themselves more to the point they think themselves awful humans? On top traumas and the lingering memories of terrible times between friends and family? Remembering how much they themselves put monetary strains on the family by needing to be administered into a psych ward twice along with months of out-patient programs and years of 1 on 1 therapy? To want to live yet question if they are worthy? To constantly need validation? To unfairly hate their parents since in their eyes they raised themselves? To blame many troubles on parents and refuse to blame themselves yet knowing it’s mostly their fault deep down? Is it bad if they want someone to swoop in when they’re down or having an episode and just hug them even when they say their fine? Even though most human contact disgusts them to an extent? Is it bad to want to cry out for help but then don’t since it might trouble those around them? To not want to ask ask for the therapy they need or medication they need as it would be a monetary strain? Please give your thoughts on any of these questions. Thank you."
146,compound,"Can someone help me I had my first panic attack ever and it felt like I was dying and couldn’t breathe and like my heart and was gonna stop and  my brother had to give me cpr and my mom had to call the ambulance and they checked my heart rate and breathe and told me it was just a panic attack but my Mind keeps telling me it’s not because they didn’t do a thorough procedure and these past few days I’ve been feeling constant fear and like I can’t breathe and I’m always focusing on my heart beats and breathe now 

I just wanna know that I’m not alone because I feel"
147,neu,"So panic attacks have been an, unfortunately, big part of my life for awhile now and I've had a mixed relation with weed for anxiety. For the longest time I would smoke just because... I wanted to get high I guess? I'm not really sure. It would always be a negative experience thought, getting terrible panic attacks. However, about three-ish months ago I took a trip to Indiana to see an old friend of mine and we smoked weed, a lot. I learned a lot during this experience, like being able to calm myself down when I'd be too high and I was able to translate that to my panic attacks, it genuinely helped me for a bit. My medical card just got accepted today and my panic attacks have made a return to my life, any tips to start smoking again?"
148,neu,"Last week sitting at work ...I get this weird feeling throughout my body it's hard to explain what it felt like ...then the chest starts hurting I think I'm having a heart attack ...go to the er ...ekgs blood tests everything normal...back to work the next day same feeling again ...the weird feeling hit me  but i was able to control it but I have had pains in my chest and the weird feeling coming and going ....now here we are today i felt fine no pains no weird feeling then boom 
Chest pain , arm pain ...weird feeling back agai and 
it was horrible , I didn't go to the er again, I went home now the pain is gone in the arm but the dull chest pain is there ...am i going crazy ...all my tests were normal last week ....how long is this going to last ,I just feel like crying ..I want it to stop .."
149,neu,"I bought Celeste on my nintendo switch because it was on sale and looked good but little did I know the story was about a girl climbing a mounting and fighting against ""herself"" anxiety and panic. It's about overcoming it as she tries to climb a mountain and meeting a few friends. I highly recommend trying it out or watching the little story on YouTube. Having dealt with anxiety my whole life and more recently overcoming panic attacks, the story really hit me where I have been struggling and cant recommend it enough!"
150,neu,Just having a hard time and feel like I have no one to talk to about my anxiety
151,neu,I don’t have a panic disorder but a phobia. Something just triggered it and I need help to calm down.
152,neu,"I was cleaning my apartment when the biggest spider I have ever seen jumped out of my laundry basket. As a quick disclaimer, I live in the mid-western US, so I know most of the spiders I have seen before, and this one, are small compared to what people in other countries have to deal with. But I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and severe anxiety when it comes to bugs of any kind. So I smashed it against the wall with my boot, but now I'm freaking out and my brain is on hyperspeed. 😱🥴

It was just the right color to blend into my crappy, stained, student apartment carpet. So I'm wondering how many other spiders of that type regularly run about the apartment and I just haven't noticed. 😱

It jumped out of my laundry basket. What if there are more in there? Or what if it laid eggs in there?! 😭

It's almost midnight, but if I go to sleep and there are more then I will be vulnerable. They could nest in my hair or crawl down my throat if I accidentally open my mouth. 😖

Even if I try to sleep with all my lights on, there are so many dark little spaces in my room. And I don't even know for sure if it would deter the creepies. So I guess I have to stay up all night and during school and work tomorrow, then crash at my parents' house. I have already been awake for... 15 hours. 18 to go? Except I realize that isn't very practical. And I'm already so tired. 😭

But I am seriously panicking so badly I just sobbed for a while and might again in a minute. Any little itch or hair brushing my skin makes me jump. And I just keep visualising a hissing, drooling, multi-eyed, malicious spider face close up. 😵

And even if I do end up going to sleep, I am worried I will have awful nightmares. I already have nightmares and stress dreams almost every night, which often makes me scared to go to sleep in the first place. But with that spider and subsequent panic attack on my mind, I am sure I will have a truly horrific dream. 

I know my fear is irrational, but knowing that doesn't stop me from feeling the anxiety. My stomach is flipping, I'm crying, and my throat feels like it is stuffed with a golf ball. I'm really missing my cat right now, but my apartment doesn't allow pets. 😥"
153,neu,
154,neu,"I was going through a really sensitive period I had suddenly became more depressed every night my thoughts became toxic and my mom was more frustrated with me than ever. I felt like I had been getting better recovering even then my days turned into a dark blur. It was hard to tell my mom even about how awful I felt towards myself and I couldn’t even go to the dog park without an emotional breakdown. Which the dog park is usually relaxing for me so I was starting to get really worried about my state of mind. I skipped class to set up and appointment with a counselor so I could drop all of my classes which was extremely difficult and I had a minor panic attack when I got home. I calmed down extremely quickly it was just like an emotional release because of how stressful it was to set up the appointment. 

The next day was the appointment and my cramps started I took some pain killers then biked to the school and met with the counselor it worked out really well but the pain grew worse. I didn’t know if I was able to make it home on my own it was getting really difficult to focus and I just wanted to stay in the school bathroom until maybe my mom could pick me up. But I wanted to be home as soon as possible and suffer there rather than at the school so I started biking home. It got worse way worse I was biking with one hand so I could hold onto my stomach. I wasn’t focused at all I didn’t recognize my route home I was confused and I stared going numb all over especially my face and my heart started going crazy and I felt like I was suffocating. It took forever to get home most of the time I was cruising and I never stopped to check any of the crossroads I just kept moving. I know some part of me realized that it was just my period but I was still terrified that I was dying and I wasn’t going to make it home that my heart would stop and I would stop breathing because there was just so much blood and it hurt so bad."
155,neu,I’m at school and I’m currently panicking I don’t know how to explain it I just felt this weird tingle in my heart like it was gonna stop then I started hyperventilating now I’m in fear
156,neu,"Hello so I don’t know how to explain this or if anyone is having this problem but most of my panic attacks are caused by the fear of me dying my panic attacks seem to always happen when I have this weird feeling in my heart and i start panicking I don’t know how to explain it. It’s like I feel or think my hearts about to stop or something is wrong and I start hyperventilating and feeling like I can’t breathe then I go into full panic mode and I start freaking out 

I’ve gone to the ER and they’ve checked my pulse, my heart rate, and oxygen level and told me it’s just panic attacks but there’s this constant fear I feel everyday because they didn’t do a thorough procedure with xrays and stuff and my mind is always telling me that something is wrong and I’m gonna die and I’m constantly focusing on my heart beat now and I can’t stop and it’s gotten so bad that I concentrate on my breathing to the point we’re if it’s irregular I panic"
157,compound,Scared shitless but at least i’ll be proud of myself afterwards. Thank god for benzodiazepines.
158,neu,Doctor prescribed me 2mg Diazepam twice a day as needed for anxiety and panic attacks. Has anyone ever taken this? Did it help? Any side effects? So far seems to be one of the only things I’ve taken that has worked this well but I’m worried about the addiction factor even tho I’ve never had an addiction to anything.
159,neu,"Basically I get panic attacks when I drink alcohol lately.. not the next day, not before it but when I drink it.. I no my trigger is the drunk, not feeling myself aspect of it.. but I cant seem to get over it? I dont often drink or even over do it but now it's like I cant drink even one drink without panicking.."
160,neu,"Someone close to me has been wrongfully diagnosed by physicians just to try and give some answers as to what is going on for coming up on year now with their heart. In this persons defense they did end up with a rare heart virus that was treatable at beggining of 2019, but ever since goes through periods (days) where blood pressure and heart rate increase, usually at night, keeping them up all night, leading to exhaustion and fatigue the next day naturally, which then lead into more heart related symptoms.

Ok I know that was a little jumbled... let me start again, and lead with this person has had a full blown panic attack doing a public performance with a dance group in the fall of 2018, and totally admits and agrees that is what happened.

Ok so basically they have now been through nearly every blood test/cardiology test that our area can offer and everything is coming back normal. Very minor irregularities that have been nothing worth concern, and on repeated tests haven't shown up again... so now from every specialist/docotor/physicians point of view they end up bringing up anxiety disorder...

Well when that happens and I find out that was a vague diagnosis and agree (I have been treated for anxiety and panic attacks a few times throughout my life), then all hell breaks lose.

This is long winded and alls I'm looking for is advice on how to get this person to open their mind that this could very well be the root of all their evils. I mean every symptom they have that lands them in urgent care and the hospital fit the description of this sub and things I have experienced first hand...

I need them to listen!! I wouldn't wish a panic attack or anxiety on anyone but I would take their symptoms just to get rid of all the stress and lost time that has come from their stubbornness"
161,neu,My throat feels tense how can i loosen it up also sometimes I feel like I cant get enough air and so these two dont combine to well
162,neu,"My first job it’s been great so far super therapeutic for me because I’m being productive and that’s a rare occasion especially since I dropped another class because I was stressed and it was being difficult for me. While I was working I starting feeling kind of strange then it went to my heart it was beating abnormally fast and I just kept telling myself that it wasn’t happening and I tried to ignore my breathing. My eyesight started to become unfocused and I was confused. It felt like it went on forever and I was worried it actually would. 

Anyways I just like to keep a record of when I have panic attacks I don’t tell my family about them because I don’t want to stress my mom out and I don’t tell my friends or coworkers yet because we don’t have that kind of relationship. Also my symptoms are always different like something new this time was my ears they felt stuffed idk like I guess there was a sound barrier. 

It passed after awhile and I went to hang out in the bathroom for a bit which helped otherwise I had a great day at work. Being in public makes it much more difficult to allow myself to panic. I tried humming and talking to myself out loud to calm myself down like “you’re ok nothings going on everything’s fine” 

I guess other tips for panic attacks in public ?"
163,neu,"This is what I heard om my first therapy session in march. For me it took much less.

Panic attacks pushed me in a way where I learned to be connected with myself and other people, I have new hobbies , and I started to experience true happiness."
164,neu,"Well... I just had my first panic attack ever, and I’m 20. Hit me completely out of the blue. This morning I went to go give a presentation in a college class. I hate giving presentations but have always got through them. But today I went up to start and felt like I was gonna explode. I have no idea what to do, maybe a public speaking class? I have only been getting 4-5 hours of sleep a night and I exercise vigorously, I think this morning it was just too much for me and I cracked? Idk. Any advice? I won’t take medication, I had awful anxiety four or five years ago and the medication made me feel awful. I don’t want this to ever happen again."
165,neu,"So I’m pretty sure I had my first panic attack last night. All of a sudden I got this overwhelming feeling of fear and then I felt like I couldn’t breathe, I got shaky and super hot. The room started to spin and everything was blurry, I felt like I couldn’t control my own body and I thought I was going crazy. The whole thing last more then 20 minutes so I don’t know if that was a panic attack or if I’m just overreacting."
166,compound,Does having anxiety and panic attacks give you heart pain not a lot but like a feeling that your heart is heavy or like a feeling of tightness and the lightest pain because I’ve been feeling that a lot recently
167,neu,"Sooooo, last week as I'm lying in bed, some weird shit started happening. I know what vertigo is, but I'm not certain that this was it. 

Okay, so I'm lying down and out of nowhere I feel like I'm on a roller coaster or like I have the spins, but no alcohol in me whatsoever. My stomach starts feeling light, like it's filled with butterflies, then this feeling turns into pressure from the inside of my chest. I feel as if I'm going to puke so I try to change positions and this ride is still going on. I feel panicky and I start to push the pressure out of my chest by exhaling really hard. 

Dude, it was going on for like 20 mins and I don't know how, but eventually I fell asleep. I can honestly say that I have never experienced that before in my life when I'm lying down and it truly sucked. I felt claustrophobic and just, ugh, I don't know. 

What do some of your guys' panic attacks feel like and did I have one??"
168,neu,"I’m a moron. I said something to my friends and now I can’t get it out of my head that they probably think I’m dumb or talk shit about me without me knowing. I’m missing my college class rn because my panic attack just started. I can’t breathe, I feel like crying, I want to scratch at myself, I feel so hot I wanna pass out. I deleted my fb. Left the discord. I’m freaking out. I should be studying. I’m so stupid."
169,neu,"Haven't had an attack in a year or so. Usually I can do some deep breathing and just get through it. But this morning I couldn't do anything. I just started a new job and it's going to be stressful. And I wont be able to excuse myself to get through it.  I'm going to have to do things that I'm not comfortable with (ie answering phone calls, running a register) I wanted to move up but I dont know if I can handle it. I have a husband that is supportive and as long as I can bring in some money he'll take care of me. Should I just step down? I'm not sure if I can handle it."
170,neu,"Hey everyone!
Recently i have been getting the worst panic attacks and i saw that the best way to treat them is with exposure, but since my panic attacks are tight up with the fact that i think i will get heart attack i don't have the courage to do it, because i think the worst will happen. To everyone who had the same problem and tried exposure LONG TERM(not just one session and you tought ""it doesn't work""), have you been able to reduce or get rid of panic attacks"
171,neu,need someone to talk to please
172,neu,"I’m someone who has always had a problem with nail biting even as a little girl ( I’m 20 now). When ever I start to panic or get anxious I can’t stop biting my nails and it’s driving me crazy. Throughout my whole childhood I was told no one will want to hand my hands if I continued to bite them. Anyways, I recently dropped out of my sorority because I was extremely unhappy in it. They just did their Greek fam rebels and I noticed I started biting the skin and my nails, the skin is all bitten up now and one nail is so short it’s painful. I don’t know how to stop this and I want to so bad, I know when I’m having a panic attack and this doesn’t feel like a panic attack. What do I do? Is this an actual anxiety attack? I noticed my chest started to hurt too. 

I usually get random panic attacks in the middle of night ( midnight - 4 am ish... I have a hard time sleeping) ."
173,neu,"A lot of times my heart starts pounding like a 1000 bears a second. I can't move, feel suffocated, and i have thrown up like 50 times. That seemed close to panic attacks so, let me know if it is actually panic attacks. And how should i fix it?"
174,neu,"So, about two weeks ago, I began having symptoms that troubled me. I have a history of anxiety, but I've never taken anything for it because I've always felt it to be manageable. This time I had palpitations, chest pain and tightness, shortness of breath, general unwell feeling, hot/cold, worse than I've ever felt. I was convinced I was having a heart attack and going to die. I was also supposed to leave for a cruise the next day, so last thing I wanted was to have a heart attack in the gulf of Mexico on a ship, so I made my husband take me to the hospital. They found no signs of heart attack, bloods and ekg were clear. Nothing physically wrong with me. So all in my head and all symptoms subsided within a couple of days. Though I've had a lot going on lately, I didn't feel like it was much more than I usually deal with. And the strangest thing for me is that I can't pinpoint what triggered my attack. Has anyone else had anything similar happen and how do you deal with trying to calm yourself when you don't really know why you're feeling that way?"
175,compound,Ok so a thing I noticed that helps me calm down when I feel like my heart is stopping or slowing down is actually feeling my heart beat by putting my hand on my chest and feeling how fast it’s beating  but I still get fearful of the small heart pains and hear burns
176,neu,
177,neu,I think it would put my mind at ease if I know how long you could have heart attack symptoms before they killed you or if I knew more about heart attacks so I wouldn’t confuse it for anxiety and panic attacks
178,neu,"Hi first time here. 

I can sense when a panic attack is about to come on. Something happens that makes me feel very paranoid - in this case it was pulling up to my house at night, then seeing a car pull up right behind me and turning their lights/engine off. I just sat in my car and waited. Then someone got out, then the car turned on and slowly pulled up next to my car before driving away. 

My heart started racing and I was sure the person who got out of the car was gonna hurt me, so I turned my car on and drove away. I just meant to drive around the block once or twice to calm myself down. But then I saw the other car turn onto the street in front of me. I followed the car long enough to get their plate. Then I drove around some more before parking outside my house again. 

At this point I was ready to go inside the house. My boyfriend was on the phone at this point, so I felt safe walking the 30 feet from my car to the front door, because he would be a witness if anything happened to me. 

Then the person appeared again. Came out of nowhere. Walked right past my car and kept going. They probably didn’t even know I was there. There was no threat. 

But I panicked. My heart was racing and I felt trapped and vulnerable. I was scared that if I got out of the car, someone would come out of the bushes and come after me. I would have no way of protecting myself. No one would no what happened to me or where I would be taken. I had no idea what could happen to me. 

My SO was still on the phone. Eventually he convinced me that I would feel so much safer and calmer in the house. All I had to do was get inside. He promised to stay on the phone until I was inside with the door locked. I did it. I got out of the car and ran and fumbled with my keys in the darkness until I was inside. And now here I am. 

I’ve been feeling so paranoid lately. More this week than usual. I haven’t felt this way since before I went on medication six months ago. Nothing’s changed. There haven’t been any real threats. Nothing about today was different or weird. I just had this feeling that something really bad was going to happen. I’ve gone to therapy and I’ve learned what I should tell myself in the moment. But man it was so hard tonight."
179,neu,I woke up panicking because I felt like my heart was gonna stop and I couldn’t breathe it was so scary and right now I don’t know what to do my mom won’t take me to the Er and she says it’s not that serious and my appointment with my doctor is next Friday but I fear I won’t make it is there a way I can get checked up by myself or with my older brother
180,neu,
181,neu,"I’ve had four of these incidents so far. I feel something off, feelings become super sensitive (ex. Eyes start to feel very dry), and then I get a head rush and overwhelming fear and experience depersonalization. However, it usually only lasts 30 seconds to a minute. Can’t see a doctor for a while so just wanted to see if these sound like symptoms of panic attack. Thanks!"
182,neu,"I've had a few incidents that I thought might be panic attacks, but I don't know if they were. I was hyperventilating, and my body became tingly. Then, my ankles and hands were in a weird angle and I couldn't move or feel anything, and my chest got really tight. Any thoughts?"
183,neu,"Today in Portugal my brother went mising(9).He was gone for 1 hour, it was the first time I cried so hard.i called the police but was too shocked to talk I hung up. I went to my parents car and there he was.
This is in the city where Madeline disappeared."
184,neu,
185,neu,"Does anyone else experience internal tremors or vibrating. I spent all last night freaking out while lying in bed thinking I was about to have a seizure. I felt like my body was shaking, but on the inside, if that makes sense? I read this could be linked to
MS which is a huge fear of mine. Still trying to decided if it’s just anxiety."
186,compound,"Hi everyone,

I was diagnosed with anxiety, depression, and panic attacks in my early 20s.  My doctor put me on 10 mg of Lexapro which literally saved my life.  It's been about 12 years since I started it, and it seems to not work as well anymore.  Over the past few years, there have been some times where I've had to go to 15 or even 20 mg for short periods.  Over the past couple of months, it's gotten worse to the point where I'm on 20 mg consistently and still wake up anxious with racing and obsessive thoughts.

I told my therapist all of this and she immediately said to see a psychiatrist and look at switching my meds.  She's great and I trust her, but the thought of this really scares me because I got lucky with Lexapro on my first try and had such a good experience.  I started a new job with a lot more responsibility a few years back which does line up with the sort of start of needing to raise to 15/20.  It's been a little while since I've taken time off so I'm going to take a couple of days soon to try to relax.

Has anyone had success with Lexapro or other meds that stopped working after a period?  How long did they take to stop working?  What did you find helped?  Did you make a switch?  Thanks in advance."
187,neu,"When they make some noise
I wish I could be a well trained serial killer"
188,neu,"If you got better- how? Were there medications that worked for you? What kind of treatment did you seek? How long did treatment take to work?

I really need help. I dont want to die but I think I would seriously consider suicide if this never gets better. I can't live like this. It has totally taken all the fun out of my life because I'm constantly fearing the next panic attack and often wont hang out with friends. It has even interfered with my job and school. I need to know what to do"
189,compound,Feel like I’m not breathing correctly felt pain in my heart feel like it’s slowing down  PLEASE HELP
190,neu,"So, a bit of background: For the past year or so I’ve been constantly battling with my anxiety and subsequent panic attacks. My anxiety has gotten so bad, especially at work and when I eat, so much so that I have lost a considerable amount of weight because I avoid eating foods that are too chewy or “hazardous”. 

I won’t eat in work normally, because I am just so overwhelmed about the thought of sitting in a room full of people and eating makes my head spin. It’s not the eating that brings on the panic attacks, it’s the fear of choking. In turn, it just makes my throat close up and everything goes dizzy.

Today, I’ve had an especially bad day. On the surface I am normal and confident, but inside I am dealing with intense dizziness, dread, and an overall deep unease in the pit of my stomach. I was wondering... has anyone fainted due to a panic attack? I’ve been as close as stumbling and looking drunk, but is it possible to pass out due to panic alone? Thanks."
191,neu,[deleted]
192,neu,"I've suffered from panic attack disorder for about 6 years or so. I was an alcoholic for 10 years at least to self medicate my anxiety (bad of course). I'm fortunately 1 year sober now. For the most part my anxiety improved, but comes back in phases. Lately has been a bad phase.

I 'm prescribed ativan for emergency purposes only. This is to prevent me from wasting time and money in the ER for the really 'scary' panic attacks. I usually only do 1-2 pills a month. But lately, life is extra stressful. There's a lot going on right now. I've regretfully taken my ativan every other day- sometimes half, sometimes not, for about a month now. This is not ideal, because as most of you know I'm sure, ativan is a poor long term choice that creates rebound anxiety and dependence, not to mention tolerance.

Anyway, the last 2 weekends I've had to work 12 hour shifts- due to annual inventory (warehouse). Quite frankly I'm overworked and have gotten very little sleep. This is a huge trigger for me but I've done pretty well. We just finished today and at last I got home to get some much needed rest. However, after only sleeping 3 hours I wake up feeling... odd. I can tell it's a panic attack arriving- but coupled with intense depression. I typically don't deal with depression but it's pretty strong right now.

I felt nausea and uneasy in general. All my muscles tense up and create an all over constant soreness. A throbbing headache, and this feeling like I'm about to die. Something horrible is about to happen. So, naturally I take .5 mg of my ativan. Usually takes an hour so I distract my self until then. But instead of getting better, it get's worse. I genuinely feel insanity coming- the intense depression persists and my body begins to feel even more out of whack. It's so intense I say enough is enough and take another .5mg.

It's now been another hour, and still, no relief. Diarrhea, minor chest pains and many other odd little symptoms. The intensity is building and im truly worried. This feels like the mother of all panic attacks. Instead of taking more ativan I'm considering going to the ER. In fact, I'm all packed up, dressed, and ready to go. I typically get ready to go to the ER because by the time I get to the car, my senses say is it really a medical emergency? And I tend to calm down a little. Alas, that has not worked this time.

I really don't think it's an emergency but if this feeling persists any longer I cant take it- it's much too intense. Just spending the time and money in the ER would at least reassure me im not insane- and im not going to die. Ironically they'd probably just shoot me up with more ativan anyway.

This has been going on non stop for 3 hours now with no signs of feeling better. I can't take it. I decided to share my thoughts because it tends to help to vent out to people. If I don't feel better soon... I think I'm going for sure- because quite frankly- this is the worst I've felt in a very long time. I'm not suicidal per se- but I'm defiantly not wanting to exist at the moment. My only thought on why this is happening is due to tolerance to my medication is building- and 27 hours overtime has exhausted me beyond my limit. My body is now retaliating full force.

A final note- I'm not asking for medical advise- purely just venting my thoughts.

TL:DR ... Worked 27 hours over time and exhausted myself into mother of all panic attacks. My meds stopped working and I wanna go to the ER to be told im not dying :("
193,neu,"I dont know how to explain it but, sometimes anxiety is high ofc about me having a heart attack or sum. This happens a lot when I'm boutta go to bed but what happens is I close my eyes and it's like I get lost in my head. Sometimes itll feel like I'm falling backwards or like I'll see something and start panicking like ots really hard to describe what I feel but when it does happen I get scared"
194,neu,"Been dealing with this for over a month now. Had a major panic attack at the end of last month. Came with the classic symptoms (heart rate very high, numbness, hyperventilating ect.) I was rushed to the ER and took two EKGs, full blood, and urine test. Told me I was fine and gave me Ativan. Ever since, I’ve had multiple attacks, two more ER visits (same results). But lately, it seems like these attacks are only happening overnight, waking up with a racing heart (only symptom). Are these panic attacks or something cardiac?"
195,neu,"Going to a camp next week for a month. I won't have access to my pills for the reasons I can't tell you about. I feel really bad without them. I start to feel extra anxious,i feel this adrenaline rushes that are actually very painful, and i start crying because it's the only thing I can do to help feel a little bit better. I also have insomnia without them.
So I'll have to go through a month without any pills. How do I cope? Are there any techniques that can stop a panic attack? I can fully function while having a panic attack, but this anxiety is really unpleasant."
196,neu,
197,neu,"Hey all,

I've been encouraged to write this post by a few other members of this sub. So many of posts here are really negative or are people seeking reassurance that they're okay. This post will be a bit different. First of all, I am not a doctor or psychologist, I am just recounting things that I have done that have worked well for me.

Like many of you here, I have panic disorder. I get a bunch of panic attacks all of the time and they are absolutely awful. The first time I had a panic attack was at age 22, I am now age 25. The vast majority of my panic attacks are related to health anxiety, specifically I feel like I am having a heart attack and dying (I know that many of you share these symptoms). These panic attacks got so bad that they started to badly affect my life. At its worst, I was having a panic attack almost every week. 

I finally went to see my doctor and he told me that I should start taking medication for the condition. I was extremely unwilling to take medication. I told him this and he gave me the prescription anyway and told me to start it if I ever chose to do so. The next week I had the worst panic attack of my life and I decided that I needed help and started on the medication. The medication is Escitalopram (commonly known as Lexapro or Cipralex, 10mg per day). The first week on the meds really sucked. There were a ton of lousy side effects but after about 7-10 days these went away completely. 

The same week that I started taking the medication, I decided that it was time to start living an enjoyable life again, so I took my treatment a step further. I started seeing a therapist. Specifically, a therapist that specializes in Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (known commonly as CBT). This is essentially the same thing as Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT). I believe that seeing this therapist was the most important part of my treatment. He taught me a LOT about emotions, feelings, panic, and anxiety. He helped me to change the way that I thought about these feelings that I experience. A book that was recommended to me (by him) is called The Happiness Trap. I highly recommend it to you.

Since having the worst panic attack of my life, I have had a grand total of zero panic attacks. The thing is, though, that I don't even care if I have a panic attack now. I truly know that if a panic attack ever rears it's ugly head into my life again, I'll put fully equipped to accept it and continue to act in ways that are valuable to me. 

I believe that the combination of medication and therapy has been the key to helping me take my life back and not letting panic and anxiety dictate the flow of my existence. 

I'm happy to answer any questions at all that you guys have!"
198,neu,"Does anyone have any experience with an eating disorder surfacing as a result of their panic? I've dealt with panic and anxiety since childhood and continue to undergo treatment (both medication and therapy) but this is the first episode that's resulted in  food being a major trigger. Cooking, the sight, the smell, even the idea of food is enough to make me ill. I could be starving yet I cannot get food down. I've lost a significant amount of weight as a result. Now the idea of eating, especially in front of people, sends me into a spiral. Looking for any guidance."
199,compound,"I never had panic attacks before coming to college. I’ve never been a very anxious guy, school was never much trouble for me. Since getting here, I’ve had about ten moments of panic and anxiety, four of which have been very intense and scary. It started with a long distance breakup when I had my first one. I thought that might be a trigger for me, no problem really, I’ll get over her and move on eventually, this will stop eventually. The next couple confirmed this, but then they started happening just because I was scared I would have another. At the dining hall, eating with friends when suddenly I begin to think “man this would be a shorty place to have a panic attack” and boom, the heart starts pumping. I saw a counselor, and he gave me a few breathing exercises and mindfulness practices. They’ve worked very well for the past week or so, until about 40 minutes ago I opened up my bio textbook and immediately it began again. Heart pumping, not enough air, tingly hands, the usual. I step back, close the book, and breathe for a while, calm down, avoided it and felt good about myself. Walked for a bit, composed myself, and finally went back to the textbook and boom, once again the anxiety comes up. Sorry for the rambling but I don’t know what to do. I need to pass this class but I can’t do that if I freak out every time I read sciency Latin words. I don’t know what to do."
200,neu,
201,neu,"My narcissistic mother called and left a vm.

I cut contact 6 months ago and now she knows my vm works.

Cried at work, used my scarf as a security blanket and sat in a field for my first ever break that I’ve taken at this job since I started almost 2 years ago.

She’s the Worst.

I’m taking several lorazepam tonight.

Still shaking and want to curl up into a ball.

The. Worst."
202,neu,"So I have panic attacks semi-frequently and they suck (obviously). I have been prescribed Xanax for anxiety before but I never finish my prescription because honestly they don’t help my general anxiety symptoms. 

HOWEVER I have taken higher doses for my panic attacks when I couldn’t bear them. 

My panic attacks last forever. The last one I had I was alone and lost in my own mind and reflexively reached for my 0.25mg prescription of Xanax and took 4mg in desperation.  I was about to freak out about overdosing or some crap but I realized my symptoms were quickly subsiding. I ended up comfortable on my bed, sleepy, and then it was over. I felt fine and I slept it off. 

I want to talk to my doctor and tell him that this is the first thing that has worked and ask for a higher dose prescription geared towards panic instead of anxiety. But is 4mg too high of a dose? Will he think I’m a junkie or something? I NEVER take my Xanax for anxiety, it sucks for that. I have panic attacks maybe once a month, sometimes less but they still feel debilitating. I get depressed, emotionally stretched too thin from the experience of having them so frequently and never being able to get used to them. I convince myself I’m dying every time. I need to do something about it because it feels like they’re taking over my life.  

TL;DR I have bad panic attacks and took a large dose of xanax and it helped, but I need to know if occasional 4mg doses isn’t actually a thing people do."
203,neu,"I 've been having it since i broke up with my girlfriend. At first i thought that it's okay, but they got worse and worse. I now take pills, but I think they' ll stop working, because the effect is getting weaker. Also they only ""kinda stop but not really"" the evening panic attack, but at a daytime i still do have them. and it's the worst feeling ever. I told them about it, but they think that I'm just being nervous and i need to calm down. How do I calm down if i'm not even controlling it? And the funny thing is that I can't get diagnosed, because i'll have troubles with getting a visa, driving license, job. Every life path that i've dreamed of wil be closed. So what do I do?"
204,neu,"
Hey guys, Thought it would be nice to share my success story in fighting benzo addiction. I’m almost 30. Long story short, I’ve had a pretty nasty life. My father died in a stupid car accident when I was 20, my mom has been mentally ill ever since, she got cancer 3 years ago, I’ve had numerous failed relationships. All this left me extremely depressed and I crashed. When I was 27, I’ve had my first anxiety attack. 2 weeks of not being able to eat nor sleep, and I didn’t understand what was going on. After that, I’ve started to feel anxiety on and off only to crash for good last year in October and I got to a doctor who prescribed me Ativan for short use to get me out of the crisis. A series of unfortunate events followed and I kept taking them for almost a year, from 1mg to 3mg per day. As time passed by, I started to feel more and more anxious, the more I was increasing my dosage the worse I was feeling. Along with Ativan, I was taking Mirtazapine for sleep and Seroquel in the evening. I wanted to be off this poison so I tried to taper several times without any success. As time was passing by, I started to fear even the smallest things. I was waking up several times per evening and I couldn’t wake up without taking Ativan because the anxiety I was feeling in the morning was unbearable. I was feeling anxious while at work, so I took another pill. I was feeling anxious in the evening, so I took another and so on. Ativan completely changed me, my way of thought, everything. I am a strong person and have always been this way but this pill changed me and made me fear cleaning the house, taking a bath, eating, everything. I wanted my life back so I asked my doctor to come up with a plan to do it. I started to taper by 0.25mg every 2 weeks while starting to take Stablon (Tianeptine, Coaxil) and Gabapentin. I was feeling depressed while decreasing my Ativan dosage. I am now at 3xStablon (3x 12.5 mg) and 300 mg Gabapentin per day and BENZO FREE. I still take Seroquel and Mirtazapine in the evening. This has been the hardest thing I have ever done and I’ve done some pretty hard things in my life. I feel better, I don’t wake up at night. I still feel a bit anxious in the morning but I take my Stablon and it gets better. I’ve read that Stablon has the ability to recover your brain from damage and I feel it working, my memory has improved, my focus is better. I was feeling mentally damaged forever from the Ativan. You can do it. Seek help while you can and get off this poison. It doesn’t help you! There are other options to keep your anxiety levels bearable. Hope this helps someone who’s struggling. Any questions, shoot and I’ll be here. I wanna help as many people as I can because I know how hellish this can be."
205,neu,"Hello:) I have panic disorder and have tried going to see therapists in the past, however I never found the right one that just ‘clicked’ with me. The last psychologist I saw didn’t really help me much, mostly just talked about things I already knew, and I felt she didn’t really listen to what I was saying, and couldn’t get past her idea that I’d had a childhood trauma that caused my panic attacks even though I strongly denied it!

I know therapists are very personal to each person, but there is just so many and I don’t know where to start looking again. If anyone in Melbourne had some recommendations of therapists who really listen to you, friendly and understanding I would really appreciate it!"
206,neu,"I was diagnosed with panic disorder about 4 years ago and out in 25 mg of Zoloft. I upped to 50 mg and then again recently to 75 mg when it got out of control. It was good for about a month, but now it’s back in full force and I’m having one of the worst in years. My left arm went numb then my pulse started racing now I feel my chest cramping. I’m so afraid I’m having a heart attack and I can’t shake it. I don’t know what I want other than support rn :( this feels inescapable and I’m afraid I won’t wake up tomorrow"
207,neu,"Since yesterday, I've been feeling this pain on both sides of my chest  near my armpits. It comes and goes and lasts a few minutes. Its intensity also varies.

In the last months, I did at least 4 EKG tests and they all came out fine.

My girlfriend says it's from sleeping in a bad position, but no other position reliefs the pain. I worry it may be something worse.

It also gets worse when I breathe in... Does anyone feel anything like this? Or felt?"
208,compound,"Around a month ago, I was so anxious every single day about my heart going out, my lungs not working correctly, that I was going to die if I would fall asleep, etc and even after an ER trip, I was still convinced I was going to die and nothing was showing up on tests. 

I was reading this book called “Badass Ways to End Anxiety and Panic Attacks” and this certain part of the book has really helped me personally, so I wanted to share it.

Basically when I’m having anxiety, my throat feels like it’s closing and then my chest feels tight, and then it was like this cycle of just constantly panicking because it was SO physical. Like... it’s not just worrying, it’s ACTUAL physical symptoms!

The book explained to lean into the anxiety... and also to think of absolutely ridiculous and exaggerated outcomes of why I’m feeling these ways. 

For example, when my chest starts feeling tight, I just imagine that there are flowers in my chest and they are sprouting (I vividly imagine the colors and what they look like) and that’s why my chest is so tight. When my throat feels like it’s tightening, instead of thinking “I can’t breathe!” I instantly think of Harry Potter and when Ron throws up slugs. So I think: “It’s just the slugs coming up finally” (also imagining the slugs and how silly that scene was) and the more I got into the habit of it, the more I noticed the physical symptoms would go away quicker. 

Thinking of things like this make me realize that my instant “I can’t breathe! I’m having a heart attack” are just as realistic as the flowers sprouting or throwing up slugs, it’s not real, and it’s just my brain latching onto anything it possibly can so comfort myself. 

I hope this helped a tiny bit, because I feel like it has given me so much relief in my day to day life. ❤️"
209,neu,
210,neu,
211,neu,"I need help.
How do i stop this panic attack right now.
Breathing newly doesn’t work because my hearts beating too fast that if i slow it down it feels like i’m suffocating myself.
I used to take ativan but haven’t cuz i use weed now but i’m on vacation &amp; dont have weed so i’m freaking the fuck out and i can’t stop crying and panicking.
Is there any way i could go into a hospital and tell them i’m having a panic attack (although it’s so easily noticeable) will they give me ativan?
it’s the only thing i know that work instantly &amp; for a fact"
212,neu,
213,neu,"

I saw my sexual assaulter at a party Sunday night. He did not approach me or say anything to me but we made eye contact and this snapped something in me. I was absolutely out of commission from that point until now. On Sunday, I got no more than 30 minutes of sleep. Monday night, I woke up with an intense flashback after about 1 hour of sleep and had a panic attack so bad my eyes rolled back and I completely went unconscious. I went to the hospital then and they gave me a chest X-ray and oxygen as well as pain medication and a prescription for long acting anti anxiety. I have been taking these meds around the clock. Tuesday night I still woke up every 2 hours having intense panic attacks and by the time 7 am rolled around, after not being able to sleep or eat, I began to have a panic attack but passed out a total of 4 times going completely limp in my roommates arms. I have managed to sleep throughout some of the day today but I am scared to fall asleep at night. Is this normal? Will this pass? Please, any advice is appreciated. My body can not handle this for much longer."
214,compound,"

I’ve been having these panic attacks for the last couple of months. Never had them before.
I can tell that physical inconvenience is a major trigger for me (stomach ache, cramps, even small things such as something in my eye), but sometimes they just happen for no apparent reason.
How did you find out what your triggers were?
I feel like knowing what is “causing” the attacks could help me a great deal.

Thank you :)"
215,compound,"I have a condition called POTS which naturally gives you chest pains and fast pulse etc, I've also had cardiophobia for a very long time nearly everyday i believe im going to have a heart attack, for the past 3 weeks my left arm has been hurting and aching with sometimes my normal palpations and pains etc, my chest also feels like its burning sometimes which i have had before (maybe about a year ago) and it lasted alot longer when i last had it, i also had it around the same time as now with the cold weather, but yeah.. I've had a heart echo and god knows how many ecg's even when having palps or fast beats came back fine, how can i move on and tell myself im okay??? I have a 9month old daughter and i worry im not going to be around to see her grow, i need help"
216,neu,when my panic attack happen i start to getting cold getting chills and start to convince myself that im schizo and my thought and running and everything i talk to myself start to slow thing down does anybody experience this?
217,neu,so i know this is stupid but i still feel like i’m right. so in my school i’ve been putting a pencil to jam my locker because i don’t wanna go thru the hassle of opening it cuz i’ll be late to my classes. i’ve been doing it since last year and no problems. today we got the announcement that we were no longer allowed to do that. they didn’t give the students or teachers a reason. i then started panicking and spiraling thinking i’m gonna be late then bad grades then parents are gonna be mad. stuff like that. i started crying and i couldn’t do anything. i couldn’t move or breathe. i’m emailing my teacher in two days from now. i really don’t know what to do. i’m not allowed to carry my bag around with me. if i’m late my teachers will interrogate me. to make matters worse i went into the bathroom and started crying and i was on there for 1 hour so all the aids think i was doing drugs cuz of how red my eyes were
218,neg,Please just take my mind off things my heart is beating weird and my arm hurts and shit im really scared
219,neg,Anybody had this help their panic attack?
220,neu,Does anyone have any tips or tricks that could help ease my mind? I’m having symptoms just thinking about getting to the airport in the morning.
221,neu,"Every time I get anxious/depressed this is the thing that overtakes my brain, the idea that im going to become/already am crazy

Doesnt help that ive read so much about symptoms of ""craziness"" that i imagine exactly what its like and start thinking i have those symptoms

Anyone gone through this, any tips?"
222,compound,"It's funny how we all know we are perfectly ok, were not dying were not having a heart attack, nothing is wrong, just a little bit of adrenaline pumping thru our body's. We are all completely aware were good but no matter how sure we are theres always that little voice ""this ones different"" I find it so funny cuz I always think that, just goes to prove how powerful panic attacks really are."
223,neu,
224,neu,"Last Friday 25th Oct I wasn’t feeling that great, possibly a flu type illness. Was really achy, super tired and just not feeling 100% but the next day me and my partner had a table booked for lunch for our anniversary and that Saturday morning I was feeling a bit better, however when we got to the restaurant and ordered our food  I instantly felt ill again. I was sat next to an open fire and I was really over heating, then felt really achy and along came dizziness, shaking and nausea. I had to go and sit in the car and get some fresh air for a few mins and I felt a lot better, went back to the table with poor waiting hubby and it happened again. By this point, he’d eaten my starter too and the mains had come. He ate his and I’d asked for mine to go. Over the week I wasn’t feeling 100% still so think i was recovering from said flu type illness but have felt completely perfect since Wednesday night. This morning hubby said to me shall we try lunch again (somewhere else) as last week was a disaster,all morning I’ve been perfect, and on the way there. (Last week was in the back of my mind because I was embarrassed at the time). We get there sit at the table and like a brick wall it hits me again. I’m sweating, shaking, dry mouth, dizzy and nauseas. I could feel myself wanting to cry and all I wanted to do was go back to the car. After about 10 mins it passed, my husband not so supportive this time, saying yet again I’ve ruined the meal. I’ve never had anything like this happen to me before and now I’m paranoid about it happening again! Does this sound like a panic attack I’m completely unaware of what it was"
225,neu,"So I have multiple panic attacks daily so they’re not new to me however on Thursday evening I found out my chemical romance got back together and got so excited it caused a panic attack then I past out in the middle of it (not abnormal from me) then once I woke up I had another one. I got excited and it caused 2 panic attacks, this has never happened to me before"
226,neu,"I'm so stupid! I took 5 benadryl tablets, at 25mg each. That's 150mg. From what I read online, people take more than that to get high.

I was having an angry meltdown because I got pissed off about some things in my life rn. So I took benadryl. I have taken 100mg before, to sleep.

I took this 150mg two hours and 20 minutes ago. About 20 minutes ago, it kicked in like all at once and caused a panic attack, I REALLY felt like I was dying or overdosed. I was about to flip out. I'm trying to calm down still.

I just needed to type this, to help me focus on something to calm me down. 

Still scared. Why did I do this? I'm stupid. Don't be stupid like me! =("
227,neu,"I have been having panic attacks daily since Oct 23rd, some pretty intense but others not quite as bad. Have been to ER and all testing is coming back things are fine, which I should have already know. But with how intense the chest and arm pain was I thought I should at least get checked out. 

The chest pain/discomfort just hasn’t gone away at all. Even pain/discomfort in my left shoulder, down my arm and ending about mid forearm is pretty constant. Feeling like I’m constantly on edge. 

I’m assuming many others have experienced this as well? Is it because of being so tense during attacks or just from being on edge?"
228,neu,So when will feel like I’m going to have a panic attack I get up and bounce around my room. Sometimes it helps sometimes it doesn’t so I’m just wondering if going for a run every time I feel anxious would help calm me down.
229,neu,
230,neu,"I watch videos of snails or other slow things, helps me slow down when my brain is rushing too fast."
231,compound,"Took a Xanax and was finally able to calm down, but my heart rate isn’t really slowing."
232,neu,What if it was our diet causing this havoc?? I’ve changed my diet for the last 6 months added lots greens started taking more B12 and other supplements and I’ve had no panic I also take turmeric and vitamin C. Me: I’m 39 and have had crippling anxiety/Depression always and right now it has faded away! So even if it’s all in my mind and this hasn’t cured me I feel better so start looking into nutrition and ours bodies.
233,compound,"So I've kind of known for a while I've had some sort of social anxiety/ panic problem but because it only appeared in certain situations and other times I was a pretty confident, I kept putting it to one side

But last night it peaked, out in a bar in the city and was basically having a panic attack
I felt like I was shivering, couldn't keep my legs still, felt really useless and couldn't speak to anyone but my friend, started to heat up and just really wanted to leave
Soon went home and when I got into bed I cried to myself, forcing me to accept that I need to take steps and do something about it

When you first know you need to seek help what are the best initial tips/ things that people have tried and tips that have worked?

I've been looking into some breathing techniques which I've heard are good? and am thinking of starting yoga/ running and cutting down caffeine
I've even heard cold showers are great? 

Any other tips, however small would be appreciated"
234,neu,My boyfriend suffers from severe panic attacks that occur everyday for almost the whole day. I’ve tried to help him by holding him and deep breathing with him however being aware of his heart rate and breaths scares him. The only thing that has stopped the panic attack have been alcohol. I don’t know what to do !!!!
235,neu,"My panic attacks seem out of control when I am sick. Anybody else feel this way? A lot of it is feeling like shit, but some of it is feeling like I can't take time off."
236,neu,"So if this triggers anxiety to talk about other’s panic symptoms avoids this thread! To me, it actually helps hearing others symptoms so I know and can identify my panic symptoms and note them as only panic attack symptoms and know I’m not alone.

I get everything from tingling in hands and feet and finding it difficult to talk or move muscles and the of course racing thoughts. But the worst of all is the breathing “issues” I think and obsess about my breathing to the point it feels like my chest is going to “fail” and I won’t be able to take breaths even though I am talking fine and didn’t stop breathing even for a moment. It’s sucks!!!! I’ve called an ambulance twice and been to the hospital twice within a 5 year span. 

How about your symptoms? Any sound familiar?"
237,neu,So I check my oxygen saturation levels everyday to make sure that I'm not dying right but just today my oxygen levels were at 94 % could the cause be becuase of lack of exercise
238,neu,
239,neu,"I have panic attacks a lot but never woke up to one happening. That’s what happened tonight. I woke up and my bottom lip went numb and that immediately sent me over the edge and slowly more of the lower half of my face started getting numb and that’s when I called 911. While I was waiting for them my chest started to feel cold and tingly too. At this point I’m shaking like I’m freezing and breaking out in a cold sweat. But of course when the ambulance finally got here they found nothing wrong. 
Even though I decided not to have them take me in I’m still not convinced there’s nothing wrong. I mean isn’t facial numbness a huge red flag? It’s still tingling right now a little bit and I just want to sleep. 
I just really want to know if anyone else has experienced something similar. I’m terrified by the whole thing right now."
240,neu,"I’m not often yelled at by her, but today I was, she screamed at me to shut up."
241,neu,"When I'm alone in a very quiet room, especially if it's kind of dark, it's like I get very extreme tinnitus and start hearing music and my name being played and called randomly through this deafeningly loud noise. It feels like I'm going insane when it happens. I get really scared and either can't move at all or feel compelled to run away as quickly as possible. Even when I can't move, though, I have to keep looking all around and behind me to make sure there's nothing there I guess? I don't know what I'm looking for but I know I have to look. Could this be panic attacks? Does anybody else have this?"
242,neu,
243,neu,"My first attack was on the 29th March 2019. It was actually caused by dehydration and over caffeinated.  I was carried into the emergency and diagnosed with tachycardia , which basically means irregular heartbeat :/.

For a while I got triggered by public transport, being alone, on a plane etc etc...

Then after having amazing 2 no attack months , it came back . This time , I get triggered when I'm exhausted , stressed out or weirdly when I'm doing nothing at night .

The attack also has changed. It was initially started by shallow breathing, numb limbs and then I'm having skipping heartbeat
 Was wondering if anyone of you had similar episode?"
244,compound,Have any of you guys had multiple instances of waking up out of your sleep suddenly feeling warm and then having your heart start to race? I’ve had this happen to me a lot in the past few weeks. Probably at least twice a week where I’ll wake up out of my sleep and then my arm and neck start to feel warm and my heart rate will just kick up to 120 to sometimes 140 or 150. I start getting the shakes and then it subsides after about an hour and I just get extremely tired. Sometimes I’ll relapse like 30 minutes later and get another small one.
245,neu,
246,neu,It started about 2 months ago. I had my first panic attack. Ever since that day I have been stressing NO MATTER WHAT. I'm scared of everything. I cry almost every night about what's going to happen. I really need help. I'm only a freshman in school but I feel like I'm a 40 year old man struggling to pay and feed his kids. I really need something to help. Should I seek mental help. My parents are thinking about talking me to  my local psychiatrist. I need someones advice still please help me however you can. I'm going to post this on multiple subs.
247,compound," Hey guys, I am really confused. I have been suffering from general physical anxiety that gets worst when I begin to engage in things that I love to do and consider intellectual. I am getting somewhat depressed because I don't want to live the rest of my life with constant stomach cramps and a tight chest when I am programming, but it seems to nto want to go away. It is almost as if I developed a phobia to this stuff. There was a time I was afraid that I got dumber, which caused me to develop anxiety anytime I did intellectual things, but I am over that worry now. I literally have no worries besides this annoying physical anxiety that is always on for some reason. Honestly life is great and I am in a major I love and I would just like to enjoy it without my body making me feel like shit. I was on 20mg of Prozac before and it was working great, but for some reason my anxiety came back. I have just started busprione and am on 60 mg of Prozac. I also workout try to eat healthy. And I started taking magnesium yesterday. I am honestly just confused. As a CS major this is one fo the worst things that can happen to me. Please does anyone have any advice."
248,neu,"I've had anxiety my whole life and some periods of time where I panic for months and each time it's devastating. I feel like it could be physical since I have thyroid problems but doctor's said my levels look great. I'm going to get all my vitamins checked and ask if maybe my blood pressure or heart is part of the problem. 
I just feel extremely alone when the panic happens and it will ruin my sleep and make me feel very emotional the next day. 
I get shakes, rapid heart rate, hot and cold, racing thoughts, dry mouth, sick stomach, sometimes sweating. It is the worst feeling in the world. Has anyone had therapy? Does it help should I bite the bullet and get on a long term medication? I'm just at the end of my rope and far from home and I need a light at the end of the tunnel"
249,neu,does anyone get this feeling in your throat where it feels like it's closing up but it's not... just sticks around for a couple days and disappears?? my anxiety/stress has been a pain in my ass these last couple days i just feel like dying.
250,neu,"Last night, my left arm began throbbing and has been sore since. I just woke up and I actually (for the first time) don’t think I’m having a heart attack because I feel fine in every other way, but does this left arm pain happen to anyone else? It didn’t go away overnight so I’m assuming I slept on my shoulder funny or it’s just random anxiety pain"
251,neu,"I never thought I'll experience it.

 It was the scariest thing I have ever felt in my life - trying to sleep in the middle of the night, my heart beats like I ran a marathon, turning off the AC, even watching youtube videos didn't help. My body is freezing and feverish at the same time, I feel like falling into a bottomless pit. 

I wanted to cry but I can't. 

I ran to my parent's bedroom and pretended to ask about something and then left after a few minutes. I wanted to tell them about it but I think I am not yet ready."
252,neu,"Today is day 22 that I have been off my antidepressants in 18 years. It took 5 weeks to taper off my Zoloft. I did this under doctors' care. I was supposed to go on Pristiq, but I decided that I wanted to see what life was like without having something in my system. I went on antidepressants when I was around 10 years old for my GAD and panic disorder.  I will be 28 on November 22. I decided it was time to see how I can handle myself. All those years I took medication it never really took away my anxiety completely. I was still living my life cautiously. I still had panic attacks. I even developed depression in my mid-teens. Yet, doctors would ""promise"" me that this drug or that drug would help me. In the beginning, it did, but as time went on it would stop working and they would up the dosage or switch me to something different.  Over the years I was tired of the false hope. Then I woke up one day around September and realized I was just done. So, I told my doctor I wanted to come off my medication. He didn't agree and said that the Zoloft was no longer working and that I needed a new drug. He told me to taper off the Zoloft and go on Pristiq. I agreed...to some extent. I just tapered off the Zoloft and then once that was gone. I didn't take the Pristiq. 

Being off medication has shown numerous pros and cons. My digestive system is back to normal. When it comes to sex that is completely different. Now I can actually finish in a ""normal time"" range. My emotions are not blocked. I feel more. I don't feel as numb. However, my anxiety is at an all-time high again. I have multiple panic attacks every day. Luckily, I have my Xanax. Otherwise, I wouldn't leave my bedroom. I am a fucking mess. All the memories that were suppressed or ""quiet"" over the years are now loud. My traumatic memories replay in my head more than usual. It scares the fuck out of me which turns into a panic attack. I am angry, but I try not to project it onto others because it wouldn't be fair. I give in and take Xanax when I can't control my panic attack anymore. When its gone over the 35-40  min mark and my heart rate is still above 135. That's when I take 0.25mg and hope for the best. When that doesn't work I wait 10 mins and take another one. Then another one. Lately, my max dose is 0.75-1mg over a 2-9 hour period. I refuse to take anymore after that because I don't want my tolerance to build. Not to mention I don't want to feel tired for the rest of the day. 

I know this post is all over the place. That is exactly how my mind feels. It won't be long now until I make it a month without ""antidepressants"". Right now at this moment. I don't know what I'm doing. I just wanted to see if things would be better. I know I'm going through the discontinuation phase. SO, I need to give it more time. But I am hoping once I get through that phase things will be better. If not, I will just go back on medication again. Once, I can afford therapy I'll go back to that as well. Anyways, If you read this far. Thanks for reading.

TDLR: Went off meds after 18 yrs and now feeling all the things and having all the panic attacks."
253,neu,
254,neu,"I wasn’t feeling good in my room &amp; quickly realized what it was. It’s a thick, liquid-phobic grey that doesn’t mix with any part of my brain.
It’s such a heavy cloud pressing down on me.
I feel nothing when I look at them.
Curled up in a corner. 
Panic attack.
Bathroom mirror panic attack.
On the ground of my driveway after taking the most heaving, unearthly breaths at the crushing feeling of being outside. 
I have reverse-claustrophobia when it comes to panic attacks.
Cried loudly in my car now that no one can hear.
10 minutes.

They have no clue about the pain inside me."
255,neu,"I live my life in constant fear. I have bipolar, panic disorder, and social anxiety disorder. I’m 27 and I’ve never had a real girlfriend. I, not a virgin, but the times that I’ve had sex, I’ve been drunk. I’ve been successful at work in the past, but since I moved and went back to school, my anxiety has gotten worse. 

I don’t know what happened to most of my friends. I used to have a lot of friends when I moved out here, but now I’m alone almost al, the time. I just want to have a girlfriend, then make her my wife someday and have a family and a steady job. I don’t think that is going to happen for me. I’m relatively intelligent, but my anxiety makes it hard to pay attention in school and work a job. I’ve been on numerous medications that range from antidepressants, SSRIs, antipsychotics, Gabapentin, etc... I’ve been seeing my latest doctor and therapists for about two years now. 

My doctor won’t prescribe any scheduled medications for me. I think that is because I told him that I have drank alcohol and sometimes used drugs to cope with anxiety when I was younger. I really don’t know how much longer I can continue trying medications, dealing with side effects, only to be left worse off than before. I think if I just got prescribed lyrica, or a stronger medication that I could thrive. Any suggestions for how to talk to my doctor or what medication may work for me.

Medications I have tried: Gabapentin, lexapro, Buspar, seroquel, alpiprazol, trazadone, nefazadone, propranolol, pristiq, Remeron, stablon, escilatopram, lithium, and more I can’t remember right now"
256,neu,"
So im having MAJOR anxiety because im driving alone for four hours back to my hometown. This is my first time making the trip by myself and all im thinking is what if i have a bad panic attack in the middle of nowhere? The roadtrip will be 80% mountains n desert"
257,neu,"Hi there! I had a panic attack 2 days ago. It lasted 2 hours and it scared me really bad. I feel like I was traumatized. Ever since then, my heart is constantly racing, and if I think about it to much I feel very on edge. I keep waking up with a racing heart. I don’t know what to do I am very lost, this has never happened to me before. Will this go away soon? Today is day 3. Any advice is GREATLY appreciated :-)"
258,neu,"I recently have been having lots of what seems to be, panic or anxiety attacks. And why they terrify me is because my head makes me think i’m having a heart attack or going to die every time. Which is awful because i’m 23. Anyone have any ideas what would cause this? It may be anxiety attacks more than panic attacks— but i’m not sure.

I think the worst part of all is I don’t know how to control my brains thoughts when they are racing. I just think negatively all day. My partner thinks that “I am faking it” because it is so new to my life. I have generalized anxiety and I never have had any problems with my adderall prescription so I don’t think that causes it. I have chest pains and feel my heart outside my through my chest. 


I hate to say it, but, me typing this is giving me  the thoughts of a panic attack occurring so i’m extremely anxious it’s going to happen again :("
259,neu,"So not sure if this was a panic attack or not bt yesterday I felt so depressed I didn’t know what to do. A friend was telling me to sit or stand up and I was extremely jittery and my heart was racing and I kept telling her “no I don’t want to sit”. It’s like I was thinking so much but thinking nothing at all all at once. I then started walking and she tried to touch me to comfort me and I swat her hand away as an impulse and ran to an area somewhat isolated. 

Then there was another instance where I made a huge mistake and I kept asking the same friend if she hated me and she kept saying no. And I felt such an instant rush and I impulsively ran out the door and I was starting to cry and run from her while saying she hated me. Then she calmed me down. 

Not sure if they’re panic attacks or what but it was such a weird experience."
260,neu,"I know I let my work situation get out of control by taking on too much and not properly managing my time...already took some steps to help that. I’m addicted to the news and I think reading politics played a significant role...trying to tone that down, but I really can’t completely tune it out. I already exercise every day, so that’s good.

I kind of want to talk about it with people but I feel mixture of shame and insecurity. I guess the shame is that I’m disappointed I let myself take on so much work that it got to this point (feel like I can’t tell my family), and the insecurity is that I don’t want anyone to think I’m not psychologically “up for” all the work I’m signed on for...thankfully I have a serious girlfriend who helped me through it and knows I suffer from anxiety. 

Anyone just figured I’d word-vomit at you all. Thanks for any insight."
261,neu,My doctor took away a good deal of my Klonopin and prescribed me Propanolol for symptoms of anxiety. Does anyone have experience with this medication and does it work for them?
262,neu,"For the past few weeks I haven’t been able to drive by myself anywhere. I’m anxious sometimes with someone else in the car, but I know that someone will be able to take over if I can’t drive for some reason, so I’ve been able to do that. When it comes to driving by myself, though, subconsciously I imagine the worst case scenario: panicking, getting stranded, not being able to come back, having to call in the cavalry to come get me and make it a whole big thing. I was able to drive by myself and back to get gas down the road about a week ago, but I was panicking the whole time. 

I want to drive by myself again, but anticipating doing it drives me into a spiral. I know I’ll be okay in the end, but I don’t know how to break the pattern. 

Any advice? What should I do, and what’s helped you?"
263,neu,"I’ve been pretty much fine without them but lately I’ve been having little panic attacks, I’ve been pretty good about powering through them quickly but today I had a super bad one. I was in the car and I started violently shivering and I couldn’t swallow which led me to think I couldn’t breathe, and my vision went black for a second. I chugged some water and felt a little better but it was still really bad after that and I’m still pretty shaken up and anxious. I’ve been having some health issues lately and seeing a lot of doctors so I think that’s probably what’s causing it. I’ve tried exposing myself to triggers (mainly health related) but it makes me sad and scared and anxious, so I gave up on that. It just seems like it’s been getting worse."
264,neu,"Just putting this into words, maybe it will make me feel better. I have chills and feel light headed. Feeling  detached from everything. It scares me. I have an hour of work left, can't leave or get a writeup. I truly hate this feeling"
265,neu,
266,neu," I  tried excersising, only went away during excersise, I haven't been excersising much at ALL and that can cause chest pain. I'm on 2 advil, 2 Tylenol, hydroxyzine, benzotropine and risperidone and the panic attacks went down to just mostly regular anxiety but I'm still having the sharp chest pain. I've never experienced this kind of pain that's really the most pain I've been in my life until the past day or so, right after I get discharged from the psych ward. In there it was only slight discomfort. I'm not sure how to handle this fucking extreme pain without Tylenol and Advil, which is a short fix so any ideas?"
267,neu,
268,neu,"Hi y’all. Somewhat new to panic attacks, started about 3 months ago. Wanted to gauge this community to see if anyone else experiences similar symptoms to me. A pre-cursor to most panic attacks that I have been having are palpitations. Does anyone else get these? Do you feel that they are a symptom of the panic attack or that they cause it? I honestly can’t seem to tell. I should mention that I have had an EKG, ECG, and have worn an event monitor and have been told that my heart is completely fine and my palpitations are simply PVC’s, but of course during periods of high anxiety and prefacing most panic attacks, I’m constantly focusing on my heart and then tend to have a panic attack. Just trying to figure this all out. It’s very emotionally taxing and exhausting. Ugh."
269,neu,"So I never really had a problem with panic attacks at all until recently and even still they were scattered. Not common. But this week I had two. Well at least I think they panic attacks. The first day I had just come back from the library typing up my short story and was going to lunch. I already don’t like the noise that the people create so I sit inside the counseling center. It’s quieter and I can eat and have a quiet conversation with the secretary. But I wasn’t feeling okay so I stayed quiet and ate. After lunch I went to my 5th period and talked to the teacher about something and sat down. I started twisting my hair and eventually lead to covering my ears. The noise in the room though it wasn’t very loud I was still sort of overwhelmed. I then proceeded to stay with my ears covered for 10-15 minutes before going in the hall. I sat down and covered my ears for what felt like forever. It was quiet and nice, but I started shaking as soon as a teacher started talking to me. When the bell rang and I switched classes I didn’t cover my ears but I still didn’t wanna be touched or talked to. I just wanted to hide. Fast forward to fourth period the next day and I’m sitting in class before the bell rings. The class is significantly louder than what I’d like and I’m irritated by it. I cover my ears and just sit there. I listen to what the teacher had to say and then sit in the hall. I wasn’t shaking as much  as I did last time but I still wanted to hide and just be left alone in silence. Noise hasn’t always been an issue but lately it’s been one. I just want everyone to be quiet. Better yet I wanna be isolated. Its too much everything is too much people are too much..."
270,neu,"She says its a product of anxiety and that it is a fight or flight response triggered by the brain, and there are several explanation proposed by doctors. But there is no consesus as to why they happen and what triggers them.

What do you think? Is there some place, situation or day that gives you higher probability of having one? Is it just random? 

In my experience most of mine have been put of the blue, while i was happy and sorrounded by friends. So i got no clue"
271,neu,"hearth is pounding.

I took 1 drop of cbd and had alcohol yesterday so i think i found the trigger. This happend 4x before on the sunday.

Im feeling very warm, while its freezing outside.

Dry mouth, restlessness.

Is it okay if i go for a jog? I dont think its smart if my hearth is already 150 bpm but idk need help"
272,neu,"Hi guys. I’ve been diagnosed with panic disorder for a year now. I was fine for a while but my sister got married and left home recently. I’m all alone and can’t share anything with my parents. So one evening i felt pain im my eyes (probably stress caused) and googled it. Well that was a big mistake because right now all i can think about it going blind. I saw a doctor and she said everything was fine but i still think something is wrong with me. Now im focused on my brain and will see a neurologist. I believe eventually something’s gonna happen and i will be blind. I know it’s absurd but i can’t help it. I hate dramatizing things, i want to fight but feeling trapped. Is there anyone also feel like this? Can you give me an advice?"
273,neu,"I havent eat since 11 am, its 17:36 im hungry but i have a heavy attack since 16:00 and counting. should i continue drinking water?"
274,neu,
275,neu,I’m in an Uber by myself and I feel myself getting a panic attack can someone talk to me?
276,neu,"This morning I woke up panicking. I had a strange dream that ended up triggering me when I woke up. My dream consisted of sexual abuse. I tried to calm myself down. I laid in bed, closed my eyes and deeply breathed. It wasn't working. My mind was flooded with uncontrollable thoughts and I felt like I was on the edge of losing it. I couldn't slow down my thoughts. So, I took .25mg Xanax. I waited. I lost my patience because it kept escalating and I took another .25mg. I thought ""just give it time to kick in"". I waited. Then I broke apart another .25mg. Chewed the half. Waited. Nothing worked and chewed the other half. 10 mins later. I finally felt normal again. So, this morning I took a total of .75mg. At first, I felt like a failure and I abused the Xanax. Then I realized. I took it because I needed it. I didn't take it for shits and giggles. I wanted the panic feeling to stop. I knew that I had to through myself together because I couldn't just stay in my bedroom all day.  One thing I have been doing since I started tapering off and then being off my medication is documenting my feelings and symptoms. Also, how much Xanax I have taken. So, the next time I go to my psychiatrist. I can ask him what his thoughts are when it comes to taking it.  I just needed to rant this. On a positive note, I did laundry today and I cooked.  They might not seem big tasks for others, but being able to do that. Showed that I'm making progress. Again, if you read this far. Thank you for reading. For all of you that have panic attacks or currently have one. I'm always up for listening. You're not alone."
277,neu,"I just had my first panic attack about 20 minutes ago. I have anxiety as well, but I seem to have a handle on my coping strategies. I have the weighted blanket, I do breathing exercises, I journal, and I cuddle with my dog on the reg. 

This thing that just happened to be though... whole different ball game. Came out of NOWHERE! One second I was making dinner, the next I’m telling my fiancé I can’t finish: my anxiety is too high. So I laid under my weighted blanket. It was getting worse. Heart racing,  cold chills, can’t catch my breath, tears somehow rolling down my face without me realizing it at first. 

Fiancé laid beside me while I full on sobbed into his chest while he rocked me like a baby (he’s a rockstar!). We were both taken aback by what had just transpired. It has never happened before, and I don’t know what do now that it’s over. How do I ensure it doesn’t happen again? Google can only get me so far. I want some real people to talk to about it. Help?"
278,neu,"I have gone from having no panic attacks ever to 1 every couple of days within a 4 month period.

One of the symptoms I have is a constant headache at the back of my head. I have had a CT scan which has come up clear. Also I get very light headed

Does anyone else get this too?"
279,neu,"Hey everyone, I've been having anxiety attacks (pretty severe) for a very long time with random symptoms. Some of the most annoying and scary are when I get super anxious my left arm in the bicep area gets a little tight or sometimes gets a numb sensation. Since that's a symptom of a heart attack I freak out 100% of the time and its horrible. Does anyone else experience this?"
280,compound,But I’m having a terrible one now. I took a Xanax but I might need another. My heart feels like it’s going to blow out of my chest.
281,neu,"I thought at first it was an flu or something, but it felt different, racing heartbeat, shakes and shivers, nausea. I have felt really would up and stressed recently and I'm being sent away for work for 6 weeks which I really don't want to do. I think it just came too much, got home and was just uncontrollably shaking.

Now I suspect it was panic after not really suspecting at first because as soon as my girlfriend came round and calmed me down a bit (quite a bit of crying) the nausea, shivers and cold sweats stopped.

 But now my body ACHES more than anything else I've ever done, including running and exercise. It feels like I've run a marathon and got hit by a truck straight after, every joints aching and I can hardly walk. is that a usual after symptom? How long for? Have 24hrs on a plane tonight and it's going to be agony like this. Hard to find info but I actually bizzarely feel mentally ""clear"" now - been a long time since I could say that.

Anything to remedy the aches?"
282,neu,MY ROOM IS LITERALLY AS CLEAN AS IT CAN BE BUT I HAVE SO MUCH SHIT IN MY ROOM I FEEL LIKE IM SUFFOCATING AND THERE ARE THESE LITTLE ORANGE DOTS THAT ARE FLOATINFAROJND NEAR MY SHELF AND THEYRE SCARING ME
283,neu,"yesterday had a attack, my trigger was being hangover after a night drinking and taking CBD oil on sunday. ( only 1 small drop from the lowest cbd % u can get, pretty insane)
had a good long night sleep today. But i have these small palpations since last night, like a uncontrolleable. and it still active.
 Almost like a afterwave panic attack?
Is it possible to have like these afterwaves of the panic attack the next day?"
284,neu,"Hey guys, I'm having a really rough day, I had a panic attack this morning and it took forever for it to pass. Now I've been feeling the ""panic attack prodrome"" for the entire day, I really don't want another one but I can feel it incoming. I am so tired of this, I want it to go away."
285,neu,"Hi. At the beginning i want to apologise for my language (im not from any english-speaking country). Few months ago I got really serious exams in school (i dont know word for this, but its this type oh exams that when you failed you are not graduate the school). I wasnt stressed at all, i knew that im gonna pass this easily, and thats what happend. I felt really weird before every exams, but i thought that its only stress. Few weeks later i started working in H&amp;M (cloathing shop). Everyday I was at work there was a time that I felt really bad: my heart beat was around 125bpm, and i thought that i gonna throw up. Weirdest thing about this was that this work wasnt stressing me, really, I wasnt doing anything important, or something that actually can be stressful. Everytime I was dring there I knew that im gonna feel bad. Month ago I started going to university. I have to spend around 3h per day in bus, and this is totally killing me. Everyday theres situation where my heart beats faster, I have problem with breathing, I feel like im gonna throw up. There was few situation where I just left the bus, and heads home. I started doing sudoku while having this moments, but it didnt worked. Yesterday I was at a party in my friend's flat. We were just chilling, and randomly my heart started to beat faster etc. I told my friends that im gonna go outside for a moment, which was really difficult for me, because I was on 12th floor. Elevetors doesnt scare me, but at this moment I was terrified that im gonna throw up there. When I was outside I decide that im gonna head home which I did. This is really killing me, I cant do normal things like other people. Sorry for long text, hope you understand my language. 

Tldr: My heart beats faster, I have problem with breathing, and Im feeling nausea at completly random, nonstressful moments"
286,neu,"I cant deal with panic anymore. I just want to cry all day. I feel useless, and weak. My stomache aches, my head is pounding. All I can think about is leaving work and crying. I dont know what to do anymore. Im sorry for venting. Im sitting in my car on my 15 typing this out. Time to dry my eyes, and suck it up. I wish mental health was taken more serious. I cant call in sick. I have tomorrow off, but I dont want to be here anymore. Im so sorry, I am not stronger."
287,neu,"I was looking over school (that I didn’t do well in) trying to build a good resume for a job and I guess I got overwhelmed and had a panic attack, not quite sure. It started as what I thought was chills but turned into these internal shakes and external shakes that I couldn’t control or stop even after I tried taking my mind off of what I believe I was stressed about. 
Next couple of days I’ve felt so like sore? I think. My back, hips and abs have been killing me. It’s like I got ran over or something 
Just thoughts on this pls? Is this normal?"
288,compound,What would be good for me to help heal and recover?
289,neu,"I have panic disorder that started around 6 month ago , had one-two attacks a day , went through medical check-up doctors said everything is fine and that I am healthy, by the time I started to become more and more confident and panic attacks decreased to once a week and usually last around 5 min, my first lasted around an hour, didn't had a strong one since until today, lasted around 20 min started as usual (palm-sweating, heartbeat, hot-cold flashes, shaking, shortness of breath) , but today had a really strong anxiety chest pain that extended to my left arm i knew that this is panic attack, but i started panicking i knew that i had to breathe and distract my self and that was hard, but eventually i accepted it and started to calm down and it finished.
Now i am trying to not let this panic attack to feed my fear and erase all the progress i made./health anxiety.

Nothing special just want to share the story , i know there is people struggling with stronger forms, it gets better with time and self-practice, Thank you for reading.

(Sorry for any grammar mistakes, English is not my first language)."
290,neu,My doctor gave me meds on top of fluoxetine... and I don’t know if to inform college or not... I don’t feel like they should know. But then if I freak out or be unusual then they know why...
291,neu,"My very first panic attack lasted 12+ hours. I've never had one that insane or terrible again.

I'm curious to see who else has had attacks that have lasted hours or just longer than what would be considered normal"
292,neu,"i’ve become a bit agoraphobic and i went out today for the first time in a while. i had fun but when i came home i got this sharp pain in my chest, shortness of breathe and just feeling like i can’t move or else i’m going to panic more. i also had coffee which triggers my anxiety but i dont think my chest has ever hurt this much and i’m scared"
293,neu,"Had really strong yesterday,  today  i feel exhausted,  left armpit pain,  shaking from time to time,  palm sweating...
What a shitty feeling."
294,neu,
295,neu,"So I’ve never had the hysterical crying, heart beating, emotional panic attacks. I am a fairly low-emotion person. But, fairly often, especially when I’m going through more anxious or stressful period of life, I’ll have a session where my resting heart rate will get up to 100-120. I don’t feel incredibly anxiously stressed about anything in particular during these sessions, in fact I’m pretty deadpan- but if I start thinking about things I’m stressed or anxious about my heart rate increases. I do find it very hard to do anything, talk to people, and focus. I just kind of sit and ride it out. 
I can’t find any other label for them- unless it’s like a heart problem, but I have normal blood pressure and I eat very well, and exercise. I feel weird calling them panic attacks because everyone else seems to have more severe symptoms. I’m typically able to get through my day and do whatever I need to whether I’m having a session or not, it’s just a bit harder to think."
296,neu,I have been getting panic attacks that make me feel as I'm unable to breathe then my chest and my lungs get tight or something then I
297,neu,"I recently got a new job, after leaving a very stressful, hostile work environment. This new job is already great, but any change for me, even good, is extremely stressful. A couple of years ago, I went to the ER very often thinking that I’m dying. I’ve ha fit under control for about a year now, but ever since last week (first week at new job), I started having the worst panic attacks I’ve had in a year. The suddenly cold inside, uncontrollable shaking, horrible nausea, intense fear/dread; the symptoms I used to get that led to “have to go to the ER NOW.” Anyway, I’m having one right now, and I feel so scared. I just wanted to vent here to hopefully help me feel better while I wait for the ativan to kick in. This is so scary; I hate that we all have this."
298,neu,
299,neu,"I went to a meeting on campus and this was my first time going to a meeting for a club by myself. Out of nowhere my heart starts beating fast, eventually my hands get sweaty and clammy (they get pretty pale), I think I experienced tunnel vision and I couldn’t even speak. Also, I notoriously shake my legs but out of nowhere my body shut down and I was entirely still. I know the last time I got a panic attack (years ago) I cried hysterically but this time I didn’t. Also, this lasted for like an hour? I’m sorry if this is a stupid question by the way"
300,compound,"Hi I from Russia, Moscow and I’m  17 yo. 6 month ago I got my first panic attack then it repeat 2 month ago then 1 month then it’s repeat 10 days ago and 5 days ago ether. When this happend to me I feel that I can die(I’m alive as you can see) and all this time I call ambulance so they can help and all the time they give me “sedative things “ and after 40 min I feel normal and I want to say when it’s happend to me my heart rate was 145 bpm and my pressure 160/90 but my heart in good condition (thanks god) what should I do I always feel like it can happend again and I all the time anxiety. What doctor should I go or what should l do?"
301,neu,"So this symptom is weird I've experienced it a couple times before but for some reason its hitting hard right now. Start it off I close my eyes in an attempt to sleep and it's not even like the thoughts are scary or bad but I just lose all control, I'll have a thought then boom another thought then another then anoter but non of it correlates to the previous thoughts, then I start to get worried something's happening to me then I start forgetting how to do things like I sprung out of bed cuz I couldn't say anything I tried but I couldnt I was able to speak again but I dont know it was scary. Then I'll just keep forgetting, previous thoughts what I'm doing then ill calm myself down then collect myself again I also am very tired and it could also perhaps be sleep paralysis but regardless I'm getting these symptoms, I also did have a bad amount of sugar before bed ti so it could be that to anyone else experience this? But also when I do open my eyes again is when I can recollect myself and reassure I'm not going insane :/"
302,compound,"I used to have a panic attack pill prescribed, but I am out and forgot the name. It was really helpful though and I'd like to know the name. It was really small and blue.

Can anyone help me?"
303,neu,"i was at a book store, browsing the self help section and i saw the grief sub section. i lost a family member two months ago and cry about it nearly everyday. i started to tear up just thinking about it. i left because i knew i was about to cry and proceeded to cry in my car.  i calmed down and began my 20 minute drive home. i began crying again about half way through. then i began to hyperventilate and then i got this extremely strange feeling like i was out of my body. i was crying and freaking out. it was extremely uncomfortable and strange. i pulled over for about 15 minutes to calm down before driving a few more minutes to get home. i don’t know if i had a panic attack for was just very upset."
304,neu,How does everyone get through the depersonalization of a really bad panic attack? Mine last for about 30 minutes and it's incredibly hard to get through it without freaking out.
305,neu,
306,neu,"So lately I’ve been stressed out. I have lots of responsibilities at home like taking care of my mom and brother who are disabled. Then I have my prostate problems and I’m attending school. Night classes to get my GED. I have a learning disability and it’s hard for me to learn something. I feel embarrassed because I can’t learn anything how I normal person would. This is making me worried about my future. Because after my GED classes I was gonna enroll in a community college. Then I have really bad social anxiety. I have no real friends or no one to talk too when I’m having a rough day. The only one friend I have is a internet friend but other than that my life is pretty sad. When I’m in class and I attempt to talk to people I feel like awkward and I feel like god is judging me. Laughing. I have this negative thought of myself like I’m worthless. I don’t have self love. I don’t think I’m good enough for anyone. I feel like I’m stressed out, suffering in silence. I started getting panic attacks. In this year alone I had 4 and I’m closing to having one now. I’m trying to breathe and learn the breathing technique. I’ve been thinking and over thinking too much to the point where I have a headache. Besides all that I have PTSD (post traumatic stress disorder) I was bullied severally 3 years ago for being gay to the point where I almost committed suicide. Right now I’m in therapy to deal with my PTSD. I lost over 180 pounds due to depression. Having flashbacks of the bullying incident bothers me. I brake down and cry at random moments. The flashbacks won’t leave me alone. The saying god gives the toughest battles to the strongest soldiers is true but all this is getting too hard to handle. Sometimes I feel like giving up but I don’t and try to continue with my life hoping one day it gets better. Going to therapy doesn’t help much because no one truly understands your pain and why you are the way you are. and being committed to a mental hospital don’t help because I was in one but my experience was worse. There was no therapist or doctor to speak too and they kept everyone in there rooms and that made me feel more depressed because I was isolated from the world and it makes me think of my bad childhood. I was always kept inside afraid of the world. Dealing with a abusivo father. My father abusing me and my mother. My father abusing my other sisters and brothers. My father tried hiring a hit man to kill my mom. Me being molested from age 6-14. I’m gay and I feel like I came out gay because I was molested and I don’t wanna be gay. I don’t accept myself because society doesn’t accept me for being different. I hate myself because everyone thinks that being gay is a decease. Me going to church when I was a kid. A family priest tried to convert me to be straight. My father always hated me because I came out different then his other children. He use to abuse me and hit me all the time. So being alone in the hospital room brought back the memories from the past. I’m trying to find my place in this world and I feel like I don’t fit it. I keep getting panic attacks and I don’t know why. The panic attacks last 8 hours. It’s nothing quick. People say panic attacks last 10-15 minutes but my panic attacks comes in waves. I’ll have one for one hour then it goes away then comes back a hour later. I believe if I stop overthinking and stop being negative then I wouldn’t have them but it’s impossible.  If being in a mental hospital don’t help and if therapy don’t help then this is something I have to fixed within myself in order to make things better but I don’t know how"
307,neu,"Does anyone do anything to cope with anxiety/panic attacks that when you think about them in a better mental state they're actually quite funny? So much of what spirals my panic attacks into an uncontrollable storm is chasing and taking the thoughts I'm having deadly seriously.  Especially because of so much of my anxiety focuses on thoughts like my throat closing over/heart attack/lungs collapsing I find disrupting the thought spiral really helpful.  


When I'm having a trip to panic attack town I've found that in combination with a ""mindfulness"" approach to my thoughts  (separation and observation) I just visualise the mental chaos as a fight from that show Dance Moms. Like I'm just the biggest virgo energy in that room and the negative thoughts are all these screaming dance moms, so when I get a thought like ""you're dying, your throat is tighter what if you suffocate"" I just internally respond ""Bethany I swear to god, not in my studio, I don't come in your house and scream at you like that."" I don't know something about having this unshakable unreasonable energy in chaos really helps me out lol.  


If I do this early enough it can literally stop my fixating on those thoughts- but it is ridiculous haha.  


Was just thinking about it this morning so I thought I would ask if any anxiety bros do the same."
308,neu,"In all honesty i should of known. The meeting was to confront her for attacking me during the lectures for no reason what so ever. Leading to her attacking me in the meeting thus feeding my panic attack. 

This was a bad one and in all honesty I don’t want to go back to uni, I don’t want to leave my apartment I’d much like to die. 

Panic disorder sucks. I don’t know how much of this shit I can take."
309,neu,Does anyone get the numb feeling or the sharp pain feeling in their left arm during severe anxiety?
310,neu,"I always get them while I’m driving.  It’s so annoying and scary!  It starts with shortness of breath, then comes the tingles, and soon after I need to pull over to a gas station because I am afraid of fainting while driving.  I get out of the truck using the distraction method and go use the restroom pump gas etc.  feeling a little better I get back in the truck and continue driving only for the same symptoms to come back and I have  to pull over a few exits up just to have the same situation.  In the past I have had friends or family pick me up and just left my truck and got it the next day.  It’s sucks.  I’m on lexapro and I take Klonopin now if i have a panic attack.  It does help some thirty minutes later or so.  But I’ve also had the medication not work.  And I’ve also had these attacks at home.  Usually it’s while driving tho.  It’s a nightmare.  I’ve been dealing with it for five years off and on.  A few years ago I took Prozac and it did make them go away but I stopped for some reason and now they’re back.  The Lexapro doesn’t seem to work as well with eradicating the attacks but I’m still giving it time.  Good luck to everyone dealing with this!  P.s.  sorry about grammar/ spelling errors"
311,neu,I’ve been struggling with anxiety for the last several years. I went through a patch of doing really well and now I’m bad in a bad place. I’m still medicated but I feel like it’s not helping. I don’t have panic attacks as often but I feel nervous and on edge constantly and my mind never stops racing. I get panic attacks some nights. I need to get some dental work down but one of my triggers is my throat/mouth feeling weird. Last time I was getting a filling I had an attack in the chair. I’m terrified to go back.
312,neu,"So I went to the hospital and they said nothing is wrong with my heart and that it is ONLY panic. 
Ok lets say I have a panic disorder. Why is my blood pressure suddenly so low? It goes down to 70 70 and heartrate 60... checking again goes up to 140 70 and 60. Is it normal that my blood pressure drops that low sometimes? I can’t find any information on the internet and hope I can find someone who has the same issues here..."
313,compound,"Hello everybody, i’m a 19 year old Male, pretty much healthy for the most part. Have been a marijuana smoker since about 16 and a recreational drinker. Recently had a panic attack after smoking marijuana which is odd because i’ve never reacted in such a way. Ended up getting over that one and felt perfectly normal the next few days. Smoked again about 3-4 days later after having about 5-6 beers, and this one was much worse. I ended up going to the hospital and calming down and being discharged the same night. Although this time I feel like I have had some after effects, for the first two days I had a sensation/pressure in my chest that has gone away now, but I seem to concentrate or feel my heartbeat all day long now. I feel like it is effecting my everyday life but other than that I am okay. I have never had to deal with this before. I have seen a doctor who does believe i’m very healthy and put me on medicine to calm me down. It seems like i’m gradually getting better as the days go on, but my question is has anyone else experienced this? Me specifically is that I feel like I can feel my heartbeat at all times and it sort of freaks me out. Is this all mental and sort of like PTSD? Has anyone else never dealt with panic/anxiety before but ended up having attack and some after effects? Really I feel like i’m just looking for some peace of mind.

TLDR; Had a panic attack that put me in the hospital, and have been feeling after effects such as constant awareness of heartbeat. Has anyone else felt this or other after effects?"
314,neu,
315,neu,My medicine is working and has relieved the attacks but the fear is still there. I rarely drive which complicates things and I have scary thoughts about almost everything. Is anyone else past the panic attack phase but stuck in an anxiety abyss? I know that I can go to the store or drive somewhere I just cant seem to get myself to do it.
316,neu,"hi, thank you all for the help you provide on r/panicattack .

I had a strong panic attack 4 month ago after hitting alota marijuana and some 2 pills. It was so bad that it happened 3 within 2 days. now i'm kinda over it. being medicated and taking some pills by the doc. but I always have the fear that its gon happen again. whenever I remember the incident I instantly get shortened breath, don't know if it is only in my mind.

anytime I feel a small strange feeling in my chest I f\*\*\*ing start thinking ""omfg its gonna happen again"" and then start feeling my heartbeat. 

long story short, is this now some kind of psychological thing ? should I see a phsychological doctor or smth ?

has anyone got over the fear of panic attacks ? I need help."
317,neu,"Yesterday, from 330-1000pm I had a very severe panic attack. It was awful. I went out to get some food and bring it back home around 330. I ate around 4 despite being super anxious. After eating my anxiety got worse. I was pretty much in my bedroom taking 0.25mg of Xanax to help me calm down. I turned the lights off in my room. Put my eye mask on and my meditation tape. Tried to just breathe. It wasn't working so I took more Xanax. Basically, between 330-10 I took a total of 2MG of Xanax. That's how bad it was. I am so disappointed with myself for not pushing myself through it, but  I couldn't stop panicking. Coming off medication is no fucking joke. I feel like I am in some level of hell. Today hasn't been great either. I'm just sad, mad, anxious, just all these negative emotions. I'm just fucking done feeling this way. Now I'm debating if I should go back on meds and just try to come off in the future."
318,neu,"Hey I have a question to all of you. What do you feel in a day and what happens to your body? 
For me I got these symptoms last 2 months and I didn’t go out of my house since then. I can only go out with my parents and that for 30 mins not more. Im lying in my bed all day and when I stand up my heart starts beating fast and I panic. At night I’m waking up and can’t sleep for 4-5 hours. I’m checking my pulse all the time. I’m scared that I’m getting a panic attack since it feels like dying. My blood pressure goes down to 70/70. I forget what I did 5 minutes ago and time runs fast. But I will get through this, there is no other way or choice. Tell me something about you :)"
319,neu,"I'm 32 years old. I go through periods where I'm incredibly nostalgic and longing for the past. I'm having one right now. I miss it. I miss being 18 or 20. I miss the people I knew and how much I enjoyed playing guitar. Or how my relationships with my friends and family were better. It's as if this feeling of dread over comes me and I become more clingy and anxious. I've been taking fluoxetine for 3 years. I know it's all a symptom of depression but nothing seems to help. It's just a intense feeling of mourning. 
Does anyone else understand where I'm coming from?"
320,neu,I tried Chantix a year ago and was able to quit smoking. But after a month I fell into a deep depression. Doctor took me off Chantix and started me on Wellbutrin right away. After day one I had a major panic attack. I thought it was a heart attack. Was convinced I was about to die. I was told it had nothing to do with The medications. I’ve had about six major attacks in the last year. Has anyone else experienced this? I don’t feel panicked when I have the attacks. All test results including 30 day monitor have been normal. I’m frightened not knowing when the next one will strike. I have PVC’s which doctor says are harmless.
321,neu,"I had a panic attack about a week and a half ago, it was awful. I usually only get panic attacks once every year or so. It left me feeling extremely uneasy. It feels like my body has been on high alert ever since and I could easily have another panic attack. I’ve never had this weird period after an attack. What is this? How long does it last?"
322,neu,"This is gonna be long and ranty and I don't blame anyone for not having the patience to read it. Sorry I know this is an absolutely dumb question, but I never found an answer to it. I don't have any mental illness, as far as I know. When I was... Probably 17, I applied for a job, I needed money to pay for summer holidays so nothing scary here, but it was something that was really stressing me out that time. I didn't get the job. They sent an email about it. When I read it, I was alone in my room, sitting at my desk, at my computer. I got very upset and started crying. After a while it turned into something like sobbing while breathing heavily but barely catching air. And my heart was racing. I felt a faint coming and I got to the ground, like partly consciously, to prevent falling and hitting my head, but also I don't fully remember, so it must have been sort of a reflex. Then I almost fainted, but at a little corner of my mind I suddenly remembered that at my karate training sessions, we're taught that when our heart is racing, we do a breathing exercise, we breathe in, hold our breath and breath out longer. So I did that. Which I'm pretty proud of, I mean I was half unconscious... So I did that, and it worked, my heart slowly calmed down, my breath normalized and I got my consciousness back (?? Sorry for my broken English it's not my native language). I had absolutely no idea what the fuck was going on. I texted a friend who took A level biology, thinking maybe she knows better. She said it was a panic attack. I was like, wow. And didn't really think much of it. Was this even a panic attack? Were I plainly overreacting? 

Nothing like that happened for two years. Idk if this is important but my mind wasn't okay, actually I self harmed, but no panicking. Then my life got better and my self harm and suicidal thoughts were all gone. Now, everything's going fine. Except for one thing. When I'm under a lot of stress, I don't mean long term stress, but like at the moment stress, I start feeling the symptoms of my assumed panic attack. My heart starts racing, my breathing becomes quick and shallow, and I'm nauseous. So I start doing the breathing exercise that I did that time to calm my heart down. It works. But I don't know if this is an alarming sign that I should pay attention to, or I'm overreacting again. I mean... This literally happens because of basic ass conflicts with friends. Should I be worried? Or is this normal? I know that literally everyone on this sub experiences a lot more harsh shit than me, but I thought, better safe than sorry. Thank you if you read it, haha"
323,neu,I feel like throwing up and then thinking I'm gonna choke right now
324,neu,That's a new one for me. Almost just...took off without my food. Where are some of the strangest places you experienced an attack?
325,neu,"I'm not really expecting an answer or anything, I just wanted to try to get one. Anything simple. Doesn't have to be complicated.

(I've finished writing and going back to the top here, it's low but it's not going away. I don't feel like what I know about these fits this but now that I've finished writing, the things I actually hear about started happening and I'm just going hope it goes away. If any people actually try to read even part of this, sorry for the long post. Or maybe it's short. Or medium. I don't know.)

I honestly don't have any idea if it was or not or something else but it partially ended a few minutes ago. I had the best day in a while with no mental void crap and I'm literally just coloring, and I just dropped the box of markers. It's a 64 pack, it was hard to get that day. I just kind of froze, and yelled, and started crying. I just starting repeating words and phrases over and over really quiet and I just kept doing that the entire time. I'm staring at the box and then figure out to look up a picture of a whole organized pack, and just slowly put it back together, starting to cry again whenever I couldn't find the right spot for a marker. I did end up completely organizing it, but I was crying a bit again and had to breathe carefully and hug my dog for what I feel like was 15 minutes. I think it was really 1 or maybe even 2 minutes though. It wasn't really hard to breathe like some people talk about, or anything else I usually hear about from friends who have dealt with it. I don't want to ask them about it, but I probably will anyway. I just went into my night routine and saw how red my face was since I might have gone overboard with wiping my eyes with my hands. I think I used my entire hand and pressed hard. It feels like I'm breaking some kind of rule to write this, so if this has some kind of mistake, please tell me what I might've done wrong. Sorry for the long post with some run on sentences."
326,neu,"
I'll start from the beginning. A year ago i broke up with my girlfriend. I started taking some antidepressants because i started having insomnia, my appetite was gone and overall i felt terrible. It was at the beginning of our relationship. I took pills for about a month, and when we broke up, i still did it. I felt terrible and broken, but i couldn't release these emotions, because i was on pills and no matter how hard i tried, i couldn't cry, i couldn't be happy for even one minute. I didn't care, but i felt these emotions inside of me. I felt that one day, they will burst out of me. It happened right after i stopped taking pills. 

I started having these panic attacks. More of an emotion attacks. When i experience them, i feel everything. Pain in my stomach, anxiety, happiness, love, desire , more anxiety. I suddenly feel alive. But being alive is so fucking painful. 

If i do experience it for a long time, i start feeling really anxious, i start crying, i can't sleep. I get stuck in this anxious state. But when i'm not having this anxiety attack, i don't care about anything. I do feel some emotions, but they're so dull comparing to the ones i feel when having a panic attack.


So, back to the story. I took some sedatives, but they didn't help me. These were two weeks of a one big panic attack. Until i took up smoking. I suddenly felt calm, relaxed for the first time. I tried quitting, but these panic attacks came back which made me take up this bad habit again. Now i'm in a place where i can't smoke (for a month or so) and it feels awful. I can't concentrate. I can't think about anything. I feel like shit. I've found a new way to ""consume"" nicotine, but it's very shitty way to do it. I can't quit, because i'll have these anxiety attacks again. And if i do smoke, i feel calm, but lifeless. I don't feel anything. I can't handle these emotions, they're way too painful,but i know i can't hold them forever. 

I feel like it's a catch 22. There are 2 states if me: the one that doesn't care about anything and the anxious unknown for me one. 

 The most fucked up thing is that i enjoy this anxiety. I enjoy living in this cycle, but i feel like it's slowly killing me. I fucking hate it. I'm really really confused. I just needed to get it off my chest. I don't know if you have any advice for me,but i'm really confused.

 I tried calming techniques. They work for a minute or so, but a simple thought destroys everything in a second. I can't hold my emotions forever. 

I'm confused and i feel like i'm slowly giving up. I'm tired of this broken cycle, i'm tired of this life. I just want to live as a normal person. Am i wishing too much?"
327,neu,"so my trigger for panic attack is alcohol and cbd.

when i take just 1 drop of cbd after drinking i get a panic attack. my heart starts beating fast. Lots of burping. very very sweatt even when its freezing outside. Breathing wrong etc.

So On internet it says it reaches its peak at 10 min and ends normally in 20 min or can last to an hour.


I've had 4 panic attacks and they all lasted 16+ hours non stop and still when i woke up i had afterwaves of it.
By just on cbd drop and alcohol.
Been to hospital once and  had 2x ambulance to visit me cause didnt know what was going on

While they say it last 1 hour mostly , and rarely longer. Is this even a panic attack or am i havinfg actually body problems caused by it alcobol/cbd"
328,neu,"What are you fears? Name all of them now and stop repeating them!!! Don’t be scared! If the doctors already said you are healthy then stop being scared. Type it now in the chat, lets help each other."
329,neu,My thoughts are so jumbled up right now and I have a constant feeling of drowning. This is... Very very uncomfortable
330,neu,"Now every couple of days i get this very strange feeling that im going to die, i dont have any other symptoms but it scares the living shit out of me and makes me not wanna do anything, does anyone elsr have this?"
331,neu,"I am nearly 25 years old and I have never had bloodwork done due to my anxiety/panic attacks, but I have finally scheduled bloodwork at my new doctor for this Saturday... I have recently been put on Buspar and it seems to help, but I don't know that it will work for this. I do have Klonopin for bad situations, so I am considering taking one of those before the appointment, but I am not sure. Does anyone else have this problem? Any tips on how to prevent a panic attack? Any help is greatly appreciated. Thank you guys!!"
332,neu,"I almost cried driving home today I am so happy. 

I’ve (25M) had at least 2 panic attacks every day for the last 18 months. I had to quit my job. I spiraled into a deep depression because I thought I’d never have my old life back and would have to live with this forever. 

Been going to therapy weekly for the last 10 months and about three weeks ago, my panic started to dissipate drastically and finally the last two weeks, I’ve only had very mild indicators of a panic attack coming along but never once developed into a full blown attack. 

I read on here about “embracing the panic attack” and not trying to fight it when I first started to get my panic attacks. I thought I had been doing this the whole time but it turns out I had always been trying to fight them instead. It took so long to realize this and once I did, I have little to no panic. 

think of your panic attacks like a sneeze. You’re not afraid of sneezing, nothing bad happens when you sneeze so what do you do? You let the sneeze build up, you don’t try to fight it, you just let it play it’s course. Nothing to worry about, it’s just a sneeze. You’ve sneezed thousands of times and nothing ever happened to you. 

Panic attacks are the same thing. You’ve had hundreds of them, nothing bad has ever actually happened to you during a panic attack. Let the panic build up, don’t try to fight it, let it run its course because you’re going to be fine and the less you try to fight it the quicker it runs it will go away."
333,neu,DAE experience this or is this not a panic attack but something else?
334,neu,
335,neu,"The cause is my best friend, whenever i feel like she is in trouble i get panic and cold feet. Now she don’t tell me any of her problems just happy stuff and. I feel so sad . Becoz i want to be there for her . So after months i forced her to open up , I thought im doing good but again got really anxious and now I cannot stop thinking about her problems. How can i do this? To be there for her and stop pain in my chest?? She is everything to me and im just causing more pain and problems. Please help."
336,neu,I took two mg lorazepam have been meditating laying on the floor. Turned off all the lights and ran the shower while laying on the floor doing breathing exercises. Nothing’s slowing my heart rate. Don’t want to take more lorazepam. Any ideas? Cuddled my dog too. Not helping.
337,neu,I had a really bad panic attack a few weeks ago and it feels like I never fully recovered. It felt like I was going insane and that I was having hallucinations. I never had any hallucinations but I was so sensetive to any visual stimulus that a shadow flickering in the corner of my eye I would interpret as a hallucination. I have no idea how long the attack lasted for but I was able to calm down eventually.
338,neg,"FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
I'm sooo fucking excitedddd
But i 'm sooo anxious at the same time
Fuck fuck fuck
I can't think straight
I feel all my emotions at the same time and it's so painful
I wish there was a pill for that"
339,compound,"I have dealt with pvc’s on and off for the last 10 years. I had them checked out in the ER years ago and also had a cardiologist look things over. Over the last 18 months they had gotten better and when then did happen I had learned to deal with them the best I could over the years.

Then a week ago after coming in from outside with my dog one night I started feeling a little anxious. I had a tension/stress headache starting so I decided to take a Klonopin but as I bent over to get the pill out I felt a couple of pvc’s. Normally that wouldn’t be a big deal but it quickly turned into a full blown panic attack with the biggest issue being a racing heart faster than I had ever felt, and thinking I would be calling 911. I quickly woke my wife up thinking I was dying but with in 10 minutes my heart was back to normal.Even after it passes though you feel like you just went 15 rounds with a young Mike Tyson.

Now the way my mind works is to keep thinking when the other shoe was going to drop(when would the next one happen). Yesterday I was getting ready to leave the house and run and errand when I felt a few pvc’s. Like the last one I went from 0 to 1,000 in the blink of an eye. Popped a Klonopin and just sat on the bed and rode it out. Within 10-15 minutes I was calming down and my heart rate returned to normal. So much so that I did leave the house and do what I had to get done.

Unfortunately this starts the endless cycle of worrying when will it happen again. I don’t believe my heart is the issue. I have shoveled snow recently and done other physical activity with no pvc’s or racing heart issues. They have always been very random and could even be triggered by sitting or laying down a certain way. Some believe they are tied into your vagus nerve but that’s a story for another day.

I plan on calling my psychiatrist today and getting back into see him. I felt things were going good since my last appointment 2 weeks ago. I started a diet and already dropped 5 lbs which in turn has lowered my blood pressure which I needed to do. I have dealt with bouts of anxiety since I was a little kid but this panic thing with the racing heart is not fun or funny. The Klonopin does help and I’m grateful to have them but at 50 years old I’m also smart enough to not start abusing them.

Thanks for reading my story. It’s always comforting to know you aren’t alone with these struggles, or that what I might think are crazy thoughts are being felt by many other people out there."
340,neu,"Today I think I had panic attack? I was at the english class and I started to have trouble with focusing on what the teacher was saying. Then I started to breathe differently, I started to feel tingle in my hands and feet. Then I left the class and I started to breathe very shortly, I wasn’t able to think, I feelt so bizzare. Was this a panic attack? It came out of nowhere at that moment I wasn’t stressed or something..."
341,neu,"I feel like I’m on a pinpoint all day, like one push away from tears, my chest is tight, my breaths are shallow. I have class later and I just know it might push me over the edge. I don’t know whether to go or not. I guess I’m asking when you guys feel close to the brink of panic, do you avoids the situation or suffer through it?"
342,neg,"FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK

I'm sooo fucking excitedddd

But i 'm sooo anxious at the same time

Fuck fuck fuck

I can't think straight

I feel all my emotions at the same time and it's so painful

I wish there was a pill for that"
343,neu,"I had a bad panic attack last night but I'm really still on edge. I keep throwing up and I'm still shaking. I've tried breathing exercises, didn't work. Any suggestions?"
344,neu,"long story short, i’ve had three panic attacks. never had anxiety before in my life. after those panic attacks i was in a state of dread for two weeks. dissociated, couldn’t eat, chest pain, slept all the time etc etc. finally snapped out of it.

got put on anti depressants and mostly the dread stayed away and panic attacks stopped.

but now, even with the medication, i’m terrified of having a heart attack. both times i went to the ER, my heart was normal and they reassured me.

but i keep having chest pains, nothing severe at all.. some times i can talk myself out of the fear but other times i can’t.  i guess my question is—once you have panic attacks and develop anxiety over it, are you more aware of the ‘pains’ you get? i don’t remember constantly feeling pressure over my heart. my heart rate stays about the same and i don’t have any troubling health concerns. i just want to know how to stop the pains, whether they’re real or in my head. medication helps but it’s still there. 

i don’t have typical anxiety, which i’m not sure what is considered typical. i worry mostly about my heart. anything that hurts i’m scared is something that will kill me. i don’t really fear panic attacks any more. but the ‘social’ part of anxiety i don’t have. which makes me nervous that everything i’m feeling isn’t anxiety, it’s something wrong with my body.
 
i’m on mobile, so apologies about the format."
345,neu,"After a traumatic experience for the first time I got physical pain in my heart, it was 3 months ago. Since that I get little pain every time when I am stressed/ anxious. Sometimes I get it even when I feel okey. I did EKG 2-3 times, it didn’t show any problem on my heart. So my question is, am I alone about it? Does anyone get pain in the chest/ heart? Im only 21btw"
346,neu,"Hi... I’ve never posted to reddit. Just a long time user and admirer of people on here. I apologize in advance if this is not written well. (24m)

Two months ago I had my first panic attack. It was the worse experience I have ever had. I had sever chest pains and heart palpitations and fainted twice. Called 911 and by the time they got there (45 min later) it was starting to go away. Didn’t think I was gonna make it in the moment. Since that day everyday has been hell. Every waking moment of my life I feel anxious because I’m so worried another one is coming. I break down crying whenever I feel strong emotion. It’s hard at work cause my coworkers see me cry and I’m not a quiet crier. I can be listening to music that is suppose to cheer me up and I break down. I’m finally on something that has given me a few hours of calm feelings. But it seems like I’m more emotional. The only thing that calms me down is a hot bath. I’m a loner at heart and only have a few close friends but they all live far away. I’ve told them what’s going on but there’s not much they can do cause I’m not gonna ask someone to drive two hours one way just cause I’m lonely and scared. 

I feel like I’m rambling. I’m finally gonna get therapy this week! I’m nervous to talk to a stranger about my problems. I’m afraid there gonna hear my story and put me in the loony bin. I hope loony bin doesn’t offend anyone. I’m crying just writing this. 

I’m lonely, scared, loveless, desperate and most importantly alone. I don’t know what to do. I’m just so tired all the time from being worried all the time. So tired... please help."
347,compound,"Hi all, 

I believe this may be my first ever panic attack and i’m not even sure what caused this to happen. I was working out with headphones on while suddenly I felt my heart rate begin to speed up.  I thought maybe this was because of the type of workout I was doing (squats) so I decided to just take a breather. But that didn’t seem to help.  So I went to grab some water, all of a sudden I felt very nauseous and light headed. I felt like I was about to have a heart attack but at the same time pass out. I was really in my head and started to believe I was going crazy. I sat down and talked to myself out loud, saying I will be ok and to just calm down. And hour passed by and I felt as if I was getting worse. I was about to call 911 when I thought I should give a cold shower a try. This some how did it for me. I put super cold water running and would change it to super hot and so forth. 

Does anyone have any advice on what helps them feel better when this happens? Natural remedies? Has something similar like this happened to you? I want to be better prepared for if this ever creeps back up to me. Such a terrible feeling. 

Thank you!"
348,neu,"Does it really stops panic attacks or does it just delay them? It works well for me, but i have to use it more often and the effect lasts for about 3-4 hours.
Also, what are the equivalents for nicotine in medicine? I've never seen it being prescribed (it would be strange), so knowing that it works for me, what meds might work for me?"
349,neu,"So exactly a year ago I had the worst panic attack of my life, it lasted up to a week and a half. It was triggered when I was riding home with my cousin and some crazy guy was following us for about 20 minutes on the highway. I had also taken a hit from her vape pen, and had a sip of her Bloody Mary earlier in the evening ( this event happened at night, also Adding it in because I don’t know if that was a possible trigger) there is multiple things that could have triggered it. 1- I was in a place I was unfamiliar with, this was my first time spending a week with family I didn’t know, by myself, 2- I was drinking and smoking, 3- it was triggered by the guy on the highway following us, 4- my cousin was driving kind of fast. 5- we were driving at night.

Now I have had small panic attacks all my life (my first one was when I was 6) but the one last year absolutely traumatized me. And even the months leading up to it, my deja vu had been growing more frequent. The day of my massive panic attack, I had been getting it all day, but I didn’t really focus too hard on it, but when we were on the highway and my cousin pointed out that guy, I lost it. I screamed for her to pull over and it was so hard to breathe. I was crying and just absolutely mortified. The worst part? The deja vu was never ending, it was like I was reliving a dream, except I couldn’t wake up and it was a nightmare. The bed way to describe it is that, it was like everything I did I was scared because I knew I did it before, no matter what I did I couldn’t break from it. The deja vu and panic attack never seemed to stop. Ever since then I hate being in the car at night and every major event in my life from that point I had a small to major panic attack.  And lately I’ve just had this dreadful feeling I’m going to die soon. I don’t want to because my life has been shitty, and as of this year it has been the most amazing year of my life. My boyfriend and I want to get married and build a life, but I’m scared I’m not gonna live past 20 (I’m 18 now) 

I’m so scared to tell anyone this because the last thing I want to hear is “it’s all in your head” “you’re crazy”. As of late I’ve been trying to find somewhere to vent about this and find someone to talk to. Someone who won’t judge me or make me think I’m all alone because no one believe me.."
350,neu,"Hey I really need advice right now. 

I have panic attacks due to personal problems and health issues (back and neck pain due to burn out depression). Recently it has gotten so bad that I have these attacks every day and afterwards I am so tired and dizzy that I need to lay down and rest for almost the entire day. It’s a really vicious circle which keeps pulling me down more and more. It’s so disheartening. Every day I get up with hope that it’s going to be better and than around noon I get a panic attack. Afterwards I rest until the evening where I feel fine again for a couple of hours. It’s just aweful. My therapist said I should do more sports and go out and meet people but how can I do this if I need to rest all the time. I am M/35 thx for reading."
351,compound,"I am usually very extroverted and calm, easy to talk to / get along with people. But when i have to meet a girl my heart beats so fast and i have trouble breathing and i even faint sometimes, even though i am not nervous? I think it’s because i put expectations to myself but im not sure... like:
What do i say?
How will it turn out? 
I know it sounds silly xD 
Has anyone had this situation before or know how to help get rid of it? 
Thanks"
352,neu,"Hi, ive been suffering from panic attacks and gad for a yr now. Ive had tons of heart exams and all clear. I get terrible pains in my back and arms, neck and chest. Everytime i go in they said im fine and it's not a heart event. I had a holter and echo too and theyre fine. They're worse with stress and panic attacks. They feel like sharp cramps. When i tough the muscles after they're incredibly sore. I experineve the pains when im just chillin sometimes too. When i move a certain way it can make then worse. Does anyone else get them?"
353,neu,"I’ve had panic attacks in the past and tonight I’ve come home to find my bathroom flooded from the flat upstairs.

I’m trying to clean it up but my breathings all messed up, im shaking from head to toe I’m sweating a a lot a lot and I can feel my heart beat going insane.

What’s the trick to calming down?    I’m sat on the floor kinda trying to ride it out"
354,neu,Whenever I get a panic attack I sometimes I feel like im going to vomit  like right now .
355,neu,"My panic attacks are back to daily. It used to be just at work randomly or when overwhelmed but today I was cradling it at the nail salon until I got to school and had to deal with the high anxiety that dwindles after 😔.

Is there by any chance that it could of been triggered by not taking my SSRI for a week or two and then restarting again? 

I know not a smart move but I’m on such a low dose (2.5) that I thought there would no difference....

Any does anyone’s symptoms come with IBS and a weird jaw/cheek tension? Mine is that along with hot and cold flashes. Mine don’t last only 15 mins."
356,neu,"When I found out that I have a bad grade in my math... It was like, I couldn’t breathe and my vision became blurry and all. 

So I cried. Like full on sobbing and shït. I didn’t know what to do, my hands and legs felt like noodles. I couldn’t feel them. I was just crying hysterically on my chair. 

My teacher came to me and ask what’s wrong, I told her about my grade. 

You know what she did? She 𝘩𝘶𝘨𝘨𝘦𝘥 me. She rubbed my back and all telling me it’s ok and that I’m not stupid (I kept saying that I was stupid.)  she kept doing that for like 30 minutes 

But for me it felt like hours. 

After that I was ok i guess but I feel numb after that. But still I’m thankful for my teacher. &lt;3  

(Don’t know if my story made sense. English is not my first language. Sorry for any grammar or spelling mistakes.)"
357,neu,How did you beat health anxiety if you ever had one ?
358,neu,"Im improving everyday, but I have a problem/question. When the anxiety or panic comes I accept it, but I forget everything afterwards and my vision gets blurry+my pulse is really weak I can barely feel it. The next days I can’t remember what i ate the day before. Any suggestions how I can beat that?"
359,neu,"I’m here just to get this off my chest. I had a bad panic attack yesterday. The last week has been so stressful. 

Last week on Tuesday my daughter woke up from her nap with a very mild cough. By the next day she was in the ER because she has been known to get bronchitis and asthma flare ups when she catches a bad cold. 

The ER dr was serious and adamant about her condition. She seemed to be immediately freaked out when she listened to her lungs. We knew she needed to go to the ER but the dr said she was in distress and her lungs may collapse and she may not be able to come back from this because we didn’t give her enough meds. 

I told her we gave what we were told to and she wasn’t responding to the inhaler, so we took her to the clinic near our home, and she was given steroids, breathing treatment but that wasn’t doing enough so we knew that she needed to go to the ER. We did what we were supposed to. 

The respiratory therapist said she was responding very well to the breathing treatment in the ER, and that no additional intervention was needed other than to monitor to make sure she is responding to the medicine. The next doctor also seemed like she was doing well and responding well and they were comfortable discharging is because we already had an appointment with her pediatrician in a few hours. 

I cannot get over what the first doctor said. I feel so guilty even though I followed exactly what the plan said to do, plus took her to a clinic and then to the ER because we knew she wasn’t responding well. 

I’m perseverating on the fact the dr made it sound like my daughter was not going to be able to come back from her attack. I feel like I fucked up, and don’t know how to cope. I know she is totally fine now. She was fine and was singing all the way to the dr appointment that morning after the ER visit. But I just can’t shake off what the dr said. I would think if it were that bad, the intake nurses who checked her out would not have let us wait in the waiting room for two hours! I feel absolutely terrible about the whole thing. 

I was at work yesterday. I ate a small bite of some banana cake and had a reaction to some ingredient. Nothing severe, but terrible itching inside my mouth and throat. I knew I needed benedryl and had some at home. But then, Before I could leave I got very flushed, severe increase in HR, dizzy. I almost fell into the door after i stood up. I thought it had to do with the reaction and it scared me. I made it outside and the fresh air made me feel better so I knew then I was having a panic attack. 

I left work and didn’t tell anyone until after I took the Benadryl. I panicked most of the afternoon because of the stupid nut allergy I didn’t know I have and because I feel so terrible about my daughter getting sick. 

I keep playing it over and over in my mind, wondering what I was supposed to do differently. The day after it happened I broke out in hives and burst out crying because I was so upset. I can’t help but blame the bad doctors my daughter had in the past for not providing better patient information and how to handle the attacks, just a diagnosis and a bunch of meds that she hasn’t had to use in over a year. It’s not even something that happens each time she gets sick, just randomly. She’s had plenty of colds and coughs that were not asthma related. 

Anyways, I’m just having a hard time calming down. I am so tense 😬"
360,neu,"Hello r/PanicAttack ☼ 

My(27F) fiancé(30M) is visiting his parents for the weekend and I have the house to myself (yay!).

Like always in these situations, I tend to have many panic attacks when it's getting dark: the fear of dying alone mostly does the job of terrifying me to the point I can't sleep unless I leave a few lights on and a video on my computer. 

I'm seeing a therapist and told her about this, but dispite very good advice I can't get rid of that fear. It's awful because during heavy crisis I wish I'd die in order to make it stop, but dying is unacceptable for my brain, and induce more fear. 

I'm so used to those, it feels like a never-ending battle, but tonight I'm exhausted."
361,neu,"About 3 months ago I began getting horrible anxiety and chest pains. This led to me not being able to sleep for over 2 days at a time before finally being knocked out with benzos. Then I'd sleep 4 or 5 hours, then no eep for 2 days again. I felt like I was dying. My body felt like it was on fire and my heart beating out of my chest 24 7. I became suicidal during that time. I was given lexapro and ativan, and they helped a lot. But i am still always terrified if I can't fall asleep early that it will happen again. 

Well I found out recently that I'm pregnant. Which means I can't take benzos. So now I'm absolutely terrified and I believe my ptsd from this event is back. When I try to lay down my heart is just racing and there's no way sleep is possible. Sleeping meds dont help, I've tried unisom, benadryl, melatonin. I'm just overwhelmed with fear and anxiety that I'm going to spiral into that dark scary place again where I wanted to die because I couldn't sleep. I'm so scared right now. I'm scheduled to start CBT therapy next week and have bought a cbt book on Amazon. I really need advice."
362,neu,"I'm getting slightly better about giving into my panic attacks (helps them pass a lot faster), but I seem to be having trouble getting out of the depersonalization I've been in for the better part of 11 months now... I hate this ""out of it"" feeling. It induces more issues.

I tried a grounding meditation the past two nights and yesterday was actually not bad, but then today was panic central all day. I'm just frustrated with this back and forth feeling hope and then dipping back even deeper into the muscle cramping and hazy feeling. :(   


Any advice or thoughts are appreciated!"
363,compound,I started a new job less than a month ago in retail. I hoped the job would lead to a better opportunity. Everything was going surprisingly wellI was having mild anxiety but working through it until today I just screwed up. I was at the cash register and made some minor mistake and then I just could not stop crying and I talked to my manager and tried to pull through it but I just couldn’t calm myself down. And I quit on the spot. Like I’ve done before. I just feel really terrible now and don’t know what to do or who to tell because I’m ashamed. Any kind words would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
364,neu,"As of late, when I've been in panic-inducing/stress-inducing experiences as part of exposure therapy, I've noticed a very new symptom: I experience shooting pains in my jaw, presumably from grinding my teeth or clenching them without realizing it. I tend to believe that this is a panic/anxiety type symptom, as I've only experienced this pain in situations that are stressful for me and that would usually result in a panic attack, but it's a new symptom that I only began to experience within the last few months so it's very unfamiliar.

I'm curious if anyone else has experienced this. I really, really, really doubt that it's related to a heart-condition or anything like that - this pain did not coincide with chest-pain and it was very transient, dissipating when the moment of stress eased. I noticed that the pain worsened when I focused on it and became scared of it."
365,neu,"Submitted a paper that I wrote on my own and cited appropriately. A prof. sent out an email that the plagiarism software had detected severe plagiarism on several papers (didn't mention whose papers), and I don't know why but I'm seriously panicking. I NEVER looked at anyone else's work and I worked my ass off on the paper. I don't know what to do but I'm really panicking right now! Should I email the prof. to ask her if my paper was among those cited? She'll think I'm suspicious or a complete nut-job! I won't know the result until the grade on that paper comes out (most likely next week) but I know this is going to make me sick with worry, and I have an exam and a project coming up soon! I'm crying, feeling really scared, even though I know shouldn't because I didn't do it. I can't take it!"
366,neu,So like the title. I had my first panic attack last night. I didn’t know that’s what it was at first. I was laying in bed drifting off to sleep and then out of nowhere I felt like I was going to pass out??? Even tho I was laying in bed. Luckily my husband felt me get weird and asked what was wrong. He didn’t say what it was he just told me to breathe and talked me through it for the next five minutes. It didn’t stop tho. Breathing helped a little but as soon as I would calm down my brain would start going again. Convincing myself I was actually dying. (My biggest fear is dying young) all my worst fears went through my head. Completely illogical. It’s making my heart race now thinking about it. It lasted about three hours. I sat on my couch and what do I do? Google my symptoms and what do ya know I was having a heart attack but didn’t want to accept that answer. I found out it was a panic attack. I’ve never felt something so intense and so real. I’ve spent all day thinking about it. I started a new job this morning and I was exhausted. I’ve also had scoliosis correction surgery and I just happened to have a major pain flare up today. It was the longest most excruciating day I’ve had in years. I’m literally terrified of it happening again tonight. Please for the love of god someone give me some better advice than just breathing.
367,neu,"Hey all, looking for some advice!
I have always suffered with panic attacks and health anxiety at a manageable level, however I’m 30 weeks pregnant and for the last few weeks I have been having intense panic, to the point I’ve been taken to first aid at work and sent home because I was convinced I’d pass out - feeling sick (I have emetophobia), dizzy, and generally convinced I’m about to die. 
I manage to control my breathing, but other symptoms and racing thoughts remain and can fluctuate for what feels like hours, and I can no longer calm myself down in the ways I used to. Midwife is not concerned for my physical health due to blood work, blood pressure and baby being completely healthy, but I’m losing my mind convinced there’s something wrong, and in constant fear of the next one. 
It’s never been this bad for me before and I’m struggling to cope, and know it will affect my mindset when it comes to labour.
Any advice is appreciated x"
368,compound,"Hey all, just wanted to get some community feedback on this. Five years ago, under a heavy load of stress (4 job interviews in 5 days), at age 39, my heart went funky. I was in the shower on a Friday morning, and it started to ka-thunk-thunk .... thunk ... ka thunk ... etc. It felt like random beats, like the rhythm was messed up. I started to panic and thought my heart was failing or something. No pain, but immediately lightheaded and a sense of weakness. A feeling like something sucked some of the air out of your lungs. It lasted for several minutes, and I called my wife who was at work and said I may need a hospital. They stopped a few minutes later and heart went back to normal sinus. I ended up going to the walk in instead, and they did an ECG, looked fine, and then I setup an appointment with a cardiologist.

This took me down a LOOOOOONG road of heart check-ins. Along with this first flutter thing, anxiety also set in. The first cardiologist listened to me and did another ecg and said I looked fine. He also ordered a stress test, which I took which looked fine. He gave me some lorazepam. Having one of these helped, but I noticed that when they wore off, anxiety came right back. So they switched me to a longer acting version, but that also just was something I grew a tolerance to,

Eventually I also had my testosterone levels checked, and they were those of an old man! Stress, and/or my genetics. A huge symptom of low T is high anxiety, and mine was causing ""skipped beats"" when I was anxious. I called them palps, but they are PVCs, my heart rate is always in the 58-70  bpm range when they happen. I took something for low T and anxiety went away and for the most part, so did the palps.

One time I went off the T medication, and they came back.

More recently, I started lowering my dose, and this also caused them to come back. Lately, I've had a few that felt like 3-4 PVCs in a row. It lasts about 3-5 seconds, but feels like 20. Feels like death is possible when these happen. I've worn a special holter type monitor in the past, and recently just wore a Zio XT for 5 days. Of course, as luck would have it, I did not have an extended episode in those 5 days. Just a few one off PVCs. So I have had extended episodes about a half dozen times over the years, but never recorded one on tape.

My main concern, being an anxious hypochondriac, is that something is being missed and one day this arrythmia isn't going to go away, and I'm a goner. Wondering if anyone else has experience with these extended PVCs (which I am guessing are AKA triplets or quadruplets, where it feels like my heart is randomly fluttering or skipping). They definitely correlate with periods of stress and anxiety, but I also wonder if it's related to T levels purely. The echo and stress tests I have done showed normal heart function."
369,neu,Does anyone else feel a sudden feeling that their heart is weak ? Like when they move too suddenly or have a little anxiety
370,neu,
371,neu,I have started feeling very slight pain on my left side of my chest that starts a panic attack
372,neu,
373,neu,"Let me start off by saying I'm still in the process of fully riding my anxiety!!!!! Anyway I get dms from this subreddit alot asking me how to get rid of panic attacks. So I'm here to tell yall how/ my story. 
So, I suffered from severe anxiety specifically heart attack anxiety (cardiophobia) prettyuch anything to do w my heart and dying. But for about 6 months I suffered from horrendous panic attacks, the only way I can describe my attacks is, I've never been suicidal I would never end my own life but they go so bad I wished I was dead so i could finally be at peace. Ik that sounds bad but I also know many people are experiencing this rn. So I get it. I couldnt leave my room, my heart rate was always sky high the plethora of symptoms I had was crazy, always thinking I was having a heart attack.  I've experienced every single symptom known to panic attacks. Whatever ur feeling I've experienced I'm almost certain. I experienced 6 or so panic attacks a day if I had to rate the severity I'd say 8/10 (being the lowest) and while I wasn't having a panic attack lemme tell u my anxiety was on edge.. life fuxking sucked. But I finally got so pissed at these attacks I decided I needed to change. Ofc after spending thousands of dollars on ekgs, blood checkups etc...😔🤘 but I wanted these attacks to stop I wanted to be NORMAL again. So I decided to change. It took me a long time. But I finally realized it's all MENTAL so for me I'd experience a symptom and immediately start panicking thinking I'm gonna die or sum. But I realized that was my problem. I'd experience a heart palpitation or something and be sent into a panic. But I finally realized I only panic when I think about it if that makes sense. All the symptoms we experience are completely normal. I noticed theres a window where u decide if ur gonna have a panic attack or not. The window is immediately right after a symptom and it's up to u to decide if ur gonna panic or not. Youve experienced all these symptoms countless of times and everytime ur time u come out perfectly fine but then another symptom then again ur panicking. So each time u KNOW ur gonna be ok but ur still panicking? Why? It sounds kinda crazy right? I'm definitely not saying its easy at all it took me months to finally rid myself of panic attacks. I dont have panic attacks but anxiety i still have. 
I immediately noticed how much of a mental battle anxiety is. I noticed I was the one really in control. I noticed if I went on a walk or started to talk to people around me I'd forget about the very real symptoms I was experiencing and then realized its literally ur mind causing u to panic all that anxiety and stress digging urself down into a mental hole. It took me a long time for it to click. Even as I type this my anxiety is kinda high but I'm aware what's happening so I'm not panicking I'm rather just chilln. I'm experiencing what I call a faint heart symptom where it feels like ur heart is gonna stop. But I'm honestly straight chilln ive panicked too much to be fooled again in thinking something is wrong. I'm able to enjoy life again for the most part go out and just do normal stuff again instead of having my phone open incase I need to call 911 or always having to be on the phone w someone in case I do have a heart attack or something to being able to sleep and chill in my own room alone and just be calm and enjoy myself again. But yes I do experience anxiety and sometimes it is strong but u have to be stronger then ur anxiety. What ever type of anxiety u have. I definitely left some details out during this story but feel free to dm if need be I'm always open to talk about anxiety it's something that messed w all of us here so :) thanks for reading lmao if u made it this far"
374,compound,"All anxiety is different so I always say I have health anxiety specifically heart attack anxiety (cardiophobe)
Anyway for the weed smokers if ur ever worried about fast heart rate it's A-ok it's normal any drug can elevate ur heart rate remember that, hell, high amount of sodium can even do that nicotine etc u get my point.  Increase heart rate is ok, for people who worry about fast heart rate your gonna have to except it (atleast for now) I stopped smoking cuz weed gave my my anxiety disorder but now I'm back on the shits again 😎 but one thing I noticed is my heart rate sky rockets but I asked my other friends if the panic on weed and they said no, I told them about my heart rate problem so they measure there heart rates w me and boom what did I find out there heart rates were the same and or even higher. Mine was like 120 and theres were like 130 (Sometimes our heart rates are rather normal so it definitely depends on the weed aswell some people really just remain at the same resting heart rate but then again they dont have anxiety) That's when I realized I'm tripping were experiencing the same thing We just notice our heart rates exponentially more then someone w out anxiety like us. So remember that. Just a lil something I noticed. We just notice our heart rates way more then the average person."
375,neu,"Someone who I really thought I’d spend the rest of my life with broke up with me a month ago. We were together for two years and three months. 

The past four weeks have been filled with a constant underlying feeling of anxiety and panic that I don’t know how to deal with. Sometimes it bubbles up and consumes me.

I did something last weekend that sort of numbed out those feelings but they’ve been coming back over the last few days and I don’t want to do what I did again. She wouldn’t want me to do that. 

So how do I deal with these feelings? I tried going out to the mall to walk around last weekend but it made me more anxious. 

Being without her is just killing me I side. This decade has been hard for me and she made things worth it, easier. She was everything to me and now I can’t reach out to her or anything and I’m going to have started and finished this decade without her and it’s freaking me out and I just don’t know how to do this"
376,neu,
377,neu,How do I reset myself to factory setting? 😃
378,neu,"About my life and future

anyone can relate"
379,neu,
380,neu,
381,neu,"I always have been an anxious person and my anxiety began to get worse last summer when i had episodes of my heart skipping beats. And now it got much worse when i had a feeling of my heart skipping while i was running. I thought that this will be the end of me. I got immediately sick with a gaging couch and finding hard to breathe. Now ever since that happened I have been having all day long anxiety, sometimes I cant even eat anything and sometimes it feels like my heart is stopping and it gets accompanied by the same gagging couch and a lot of thoughts of immediate death which usually induces a panic attack. 

Please respond if you had a similar experience or hąve any advice on what to do. Thanks in advance"
382,neu,
383,neu,A few days ago in math class I suddenly started getting chest pains and my vision was really blurry. I could barely breathe and I felt like I was having a heart attack. I kept on telling myself to breathe deeply but it hurt whenever I did and made it worse. Also I was sweating a lot and I felt like I was going to faint. Similar things to this have happened to me before but never in public or that bad. In other times I also get bad jaw pain and lying down makes it a lot worse. Are these panic attacks or am I just big dumb?
384,neu,"I don’t really know what’s causing them either. I will go to sleep just fine and I wake up in the middle of the night with my heart racing and my chest hurting. I’ve done tests and everything has come back normal so it’s all anxiety related. I noticed when I was on Zoloft is when the panic attacks started. However I switched to lexapro a little over a month ago and I hadn’t any panic attacks in the middle of the night until now. Does anyone know why or how to prevent them? Like I said, I don’t feel stressed before going to sleep. Also when they happen I’ve kind have gotten use to them. I go downstairs, get an ice pack and a cold water and go back up. So it’s not like I fear them. They’re just very annoying and then my chest will hurt for a few days after the palpations. It’s not pleasant having them almost every night."
385,neu,"For some context, I usually have one panic attack per week and this has been happening for a few months, my GP has said that I have a panic disorder but I’m not sure if this is an official diagnosis."
386,neu,
387,neu,"I was studying for the final and I was trying to rem5the stuff I had studied a few hours and I could remember much of it. And I just went to the washroom and sobbed  for like 10 mins. ( I still dont know if that was a panic attack or not) 
I came back out after composing myself and took a little break from my studying  
That helped me tbh. But I am still so scared for the exam."
388,neu,"I’m new to this sub but thought I’d reach out. I have started having a different type of panic attack. It first happened about 18 months ago... since then, I think it’s happened about 8 or 9 times, so not often. 

Suddenly a weird day dream will start, where I think of a past dream, or something out of the ordinary. Never really a memory but what I can only think is a dream I might of had. I can’t remember what exactly it is until it actually happens but most of the time is to do with seeing patterns. Once this happens, I have sort of a hot flush, and feel sick. About half of these attacks I’ve had, I’ve actually been physically sick because of it. Afterwards is what is the strangest part. I can’t remember it, I can’t really remember anything. One time was right before we were due to leave for the airport, and after it happened I couldn’t remember the name of the place we were flying to (Greece) - I got really frustrated because I couldn’t remember. I had it at work at my desk and once it had finished, I couldn’t go back to my work as I couldn’t understand what I was working on. 

It’s really scary when it happens because of the physical reaction. Once it starts I cannot stop it. The actual attack will only last a couple of minutes but the physical reaction and memory loss afterwards can affect me all day. 

I’m just wondering if anyone recognises what I’m trying to describe..."
389,neu,Why does it feel harder to breath out when I'm having panic attacks and also how can I control them  and last thing my throat tightens up when I get a panic attack  is that normal
390,compound,"I'm home from an attack... It's been a while since my last big one, any tips for how to care best for your body after a big panic? Thanks in advance 💕"
391,neu,It's been two hours. My partner is so exhausted and stressed himself he wants nothing to do with me right now. I could use a calming note or just some loving words to maybe help me get my head somewhat out of this. None of my coping skills are working and I'm so so so tired and I just want to breathe and stop shaking.
392,neu,"Hello,

I'm sorry, I do have an appointment to a doctor scheduled, but it's in three months and I am worried about this.

I experience panic attacks as probably usual - hot and cold feelings, tingling, numbness in limbs, heart racing, dizziness, blurred vision, feeling like I want to throw up, basically as if someone pumped me up on adrenaline and my body didn't know how to process it. I usually have a few moments until I completely black out. I have no idea what is going on until I wake up, usually completely confused and my memories come back slowly. People say it basically looks like if I had a seizure, shaking, and hyperventilating.

Are these panic attacks? Is this normal?

Thank you."
393,neu,"Does it happen,  that you just start shaking out of nowhere for like 2-3 min , then it goes away and you just go back to normal?"
394,neu,
395,compound,"I started having chest pain about a month ago, so I went to my doctor. I had high blood pressure and pulse because of anxiety but she also took a slightly abnormal EKG, so she told me she had to send me to the ER. They did two more EKGs, a blood test, CT scan and x-ray. They didn't find anything abnormal with my heart, nor did they find blood clots/pulmonary embolism. They sent me home and told me I was fine! This was three weeks ago, however I'm having a hard time convincing myself that I'm okay and that I'm not going to have a heart attack. I still get those arm, neck, chest pains, likely from anxiety, but it's still so scary. Do I need to get more testing done?Realistically I know I'm being silly but I can't shake that feeling. I also have a flight tonight that I'm really nervous for and I don't know how I'm not going to panic once I'm on. Any advice or consolation would be appreciated &lt;3"
396,neu,"l

Heres a back story on my health.

Hi, I am a 25f,I have no previous medical issues, i do not smoke cigarettes at all, I eat edibles very rarely. i drink occasionally. I was taking ranitidine( i do not remember the dose) in August and am now taking famotidine 40mg now for “silent acid reflux).

I have been having chest pressure and tightness basically all year now, it started a little after february when I miscarried at 8 weeks( I also had another miscarriage in May). I have been to the ER numerous times and nothing, ekg was fine, blood pressure slightly elevated one time but was fine the rest. I have been to my primary doctor and she thinks it’s silent acid reflux, got put on meds and took those for a month, i think they helped slightly but still have the pressure and trouble breathing. and here it is, october, still on meds and still having the same issues. I got a blood tests for anemia and literally got my blood checked for everything and nothing. It’s not anxiety at all except for when i’m trying to sleep and it gets worse and it makes me so upset and frustrated. If anyone has any ideas please help. I honestly just want to feel normal again and be able to breathe again. It’s been almost a year since i have been able to breathe normally. I also get a weird feeling in my left arm and headaches when it happens. The other ekg i got, my doctor told me it started off weird but then it started acting normal. 

Now:

&amp;#x200B;

 my sister thinks it is anxiety and I have having silent panic attacks due to the stressful year i have been having (literally since jan 2019). But the chest pain and etc didn't start until the feb, and it was much more mild then. Now it is way worse and I am going through this every day and night, It’s literally where my heart is, it’s scares me so much. . I cannot take this anymore. I can say that once i am laying down, and my chest starts acting up, that my anxiety starts to make it worse. I have an appt w/ a cardiologist next week, but I just wanted to hear your opinions and thoughts on it."
397,neu,i’m 17 and i’ve been having panic attacks for about 4 years and they only used to happen every month or so usually during a presentation or a test. in the last few months i had been getting them almost everyday for no reason so i booked an appointment with my doctor and i got referred to a therapist. that was 4 weeks ago and i’ve only had 2 panic attacks since? it’s been 3 weeks since i’ve last had one and i’m scared that maybe it’s not an issue anymore like i’m not sure if i should still go?? lol i’d love some advice
398,neu,"Why the fuck am I having slight chest pain

Please tell me I just didn't drink enough liquid when I took two pills a half hour ago (just two benadryl pills) 

But that shouldn't be doing this

Hey universe, why do you hate me

I want to live

My shoulders are hurting too

The heart is the scariest fucking organ in the human body
I fear it so fucking much

I'll try drinking more. I hope it's just the pills. But they're small so why the fuck. Don't play with my brain like this!!! 

I'm fucking scared.

I had one year of having practically no anxiety,
It's all coming back

Please, I just want to live my life in peace

Can I even take Xanax now if I just took benadryl, since that shit is also sedative

Thanks for reading my frantic typing
Straight from the brain"
399,neu,"I cant stop hypervenilating, being anxious without realizing it. Im not thinking about anything to make me have anxiety. I feel lightheaded and just so out of it, How can I fix this?"
400,neu,"[For context I'm male, 19]
So I guess this is me reaching out because I hate the thought of my mates having to deal with it.
I've been recently suffering from very frequent heart palpitations, I think due to stress, but along with it some very frequent spurts of anxiety and panic attacks. Ive been to the doctors, but the ecg and the blood tests came back normal. It calmed me down for a bit, but the panic attacks are back, and I've just had another episode not 30 minutes ago.
My mind is just telling me I'm being a pussy and I'm overcomplicating it and stressing, but I can't seem to shake this pressure on my chest.

Just want to know what people think, I'm starting to hate myself because of it"
401,neu,I was in hobby lobby and convinced myself I was having a brain bleed and I literally soiled myself in the sticker aisle. Is this a thing? Also my attacks have been lasting upwards of an hour and it's concerning because my blood pressure rises to about 152-162 (top number)
402,neu,"I've never taken any medications before. I've been having really bad anxiety and brain zaps and panic attacks for the past year. Finally decided enough is enough. Got prescribed 50mg zoloft today. Just took the first one, about to go to bed now. I already feel anxiety because I don't like taking anything lol wish me luck. Love all you guys/girls"
403,neu,"Last few months I've been feeling so sick.

But last month it started to be terrifying..

I started to get stroke like sympthomes. Numb jaw, tingels in my left arm up to my chest. And compared to last months I am in a better situation as a year or so before and had no issues. Less stress etc.

I am healtier with food, excercise. 

I went to the doctor to get my bloodwork done and a checkup but she did not really took my issues serieus I feel like, and told me I just have low blood pressure.

I feel really scared about my health, and it is possible it is just anxiety and panic attacks. But 8/10 times it happens when I am just relaxing at home.

Should I be concerend and go to a other doctor and ask for a second opinion? Or go to therapy and look if that resolves issues over time"
404,neu,"long story short i haven’t worked out in quite a while. finally started going to the gym again and the minute i got off a machine my limbs would feel completely numb (duh) but that would really freak me out. my limbs still hurt and are weak hours later (again, duh) but it’s making me panic my nose and throat feel like they’re closing too, my head has this weird pressure, and i’ve never felt anything like this before i worked out. it’s scary."
405,neu,"Hi there, 
I am mom to a teen who suffers from anxiety attacks. Yesterday she had the worst one ever, and couldn’t speak or move her hands. She was so scared. I am wondering whether these symptoms are common? Thanks in advance for your advice. ❤️"
406,neu,"Hello peaple my name is sarah and I need help right now 

I have for some time though about me having panic attacks etc

I yester day and today had pain in my chest it last few min then go away in that time I feel very panicked and short of breath 

I have no heart disease history so for me its nothing to do with my heart (hope fully but that fucking scare me) 

I had last year that to pain in my chest ans short of breath I let seems like nothing happens but I was really panicking inside 

So today I looked up thing about panic attacks ? And idk if I have it or not 
How do I seek help to my mom
Ps.I can talk to a Teatcher at my school who is a old psychology student she chould mayby help
I somting talk about my chest pain I had to my mom but only hours later as my mom is somone who easily get panicked about stuff to so I'm scared to talk about anything 
Metal hsalt panic attacks etc 
Already thank you for your help"
407,neu,"After a jog i wasn't feeling well, and a few moments later when i was changing my shoes it felt like i had no pulse, i thought i was going to die and from that straight in to a panic attack. 

Is that just panic or something more?"
408,compound,"Discovered Claire Weekes during a panic attack and scrolling through this sub XD

Already feel better after watching 20 minutes of this video.

Hope it helps someone like me! XD

I'm sorry if I'm breaking any posting rules!

Beat panic attacks once, having a hard time being patient this time around :)"
409,neu,My panic attacks have changed to a new feeling as if  my lungs  were getting tighter
410,neu,"So today in the afternoon I was just having a good time baking and suddenly I felt something weird in my head and I started to think about what if there's something wrong in there like a tumor, it's like a numb/tickling feeling and about 15 minutes ago I started to feel it again and I'm almost in panic, I can't get out of my head the idea that I have something bad inside my head, It's like imagine the tumor inside your head and it's just feels so scary and weird :("
411,neu,I can feel my heart beating in my chest and my chest and stomach and throat are burning and I’m getting really lightheaded and I feel like it’s getting hard to breathe. Im nauseous as shit and I’m having a hard time calming myself down. It started because I started having a really sore feeling in my legs and i started freaking myself out. I can’t seem to calm myself down
412,neu,Has anyone’s panic gotten to the point where you literally can’t get out of bed without feeling like you’re going to pass out or die? I go through phases where I’m panicking so badly for days and can’t even get up to eat without feeling horrible
413,neu," Ok so for the past 2 months I think whats happening to me is panic disorder. I think this because every few weeks I have these situatuions where my entire body feels numb, my heart beats extremly fast, and whenever I poop my heart beats super fast. I also feel like I am drifting from reality. My shoulders and legs also shake a lot. I thought I might after panic attack after reading a mayo clinic article. If this is panic disorder, how do I stop it? This have been happening every few weeks and when I go into deep sleep and wake up I feel better but then I feel fatigue."
414,neu,"so basically I thought my heart was going funny as i had a little chest pain along with pain in my central back that felt like they were in harmony, It came and went so i was calm about it but I waited a while to see if it went away and it didn't, It actually became a more constant so i woke my dad up (it was about 4am) and i said 'i don't feel right' and right when i said boom that's when i started losing my breath and i really panicked, it was crazy, my heart started pounding and my chest REALLY started to hurt. btw this whole time the thought that this whole thing was anxiety followed with a panic attack never crossed my mind, i GENUINELY thought this was a heart attack because my chest was hurting so much. So i rushed him telling him i think i'm having a heart attack and we went to A&amp;E after about what felt like 20 minutes of waiting there the pain kinda suddenly.. stopped. I was pretty much back to normal, i went through the A&amp;E process and everything came out fine and then when the doctor told me it was most likely a panic attack then i felt so stupid. 

Sorry this is so long but i felt like i needed to share this, also i'm reaching out to you guys for help. Does this mean i WILL have another attack at some point or could this just be a one off? Was that chest pain real or just in my head?(becuase i'll tell you that is up there with one of the most painful things in my life). Was I over-reacting by going to A&amp;E or does that happen often? cheers."
415,neg,"Do you feel tired and exhausted after panic attack?

And does your feet and hands become cold specially during panic attack?"
416,neu,"So...long story short .... 1 month ago i tried MDMA (ectasy) and since then i have frequent episodes of weird thought and something i would call panic attacks but i am not sure if those are panic attacks or something else is going on.  
So it looks like this.... (i am somewhat hypochondriac) : some thinking process starts ...for example ""i have brain tumor"" because i can feel some tension in back of my head.... now the process of thinking about it can last for few hours before this episode of panic attack occures....   
Today.... i had a feeling that all this changed my personality and then i started to think how my family will not recognise me or think i have changed (its not good thing in my mind) and stuff like that.... i am really questioning my sanity in situation like this....  
I think that important thing here is that every time it is something else... one day i think about dying, other about loosing control of my personality, other about all kinds of mental ilnesses and the list goes on....   
Do you guys think i should see and talk to someone ? I am afraid i will loose control over it soon...  


ps.... i feel normal when i am busy ....but i have nothing to do on my work currently so am distracted by my overthinking....   


pls any conlusions are welcome ... i am desperate .... (i am writing this 5 mins after i had ""panic attack"" or what is it anyways xD )"
417,neu,"Hey this is my first time posting also I’m on my phone. 
So two years ago i had a traumatic emotional experience and the day after I had my first panic attack. From then on i had at least one every single day for a year . For the first couple of months I taught I could handle it on my own and just push through. That was such a stupid mistake. I started seeing a therapist once a week but that didn’t help much then I got prescribed some antidepressants which didn’t cure my attacks they just mellowed them out. Honestly it was hell I couldn’t be on busses or in line at the store without having a panic attack. Every new situation caused severe anxiety that always led to a complete panic. Finally i decided to start psychotherapy. The doctor basically said to me that every time I have a panic attack I should be experiencing an emotion that I repressed, the point of therapy was to discover that emotion. It was grueling and uncomfortable at times but when I figured it out everything clicked. Panic attacks stopped completely, I haven’t had a single one since. So if you are experiencing them please seek help as soon as possible. Also some tips on how i dealt with it. During the attack don’t take deep breaths take shallow and slow breaths, it’s impossible to suffocate your brain won’t let you but if you take in a lot of oxygen your symptoms will be much worse. Also an important thing is when you have the attack don’t pay too much attention to your body just continue on, I know that’s hard but it makes a huge difference. 
I hope i helped somebody and if you have any questions please ask !:)"
418,neu,
419,neu,Ive been having panic attacks most days and servere aniexty and stress for the past month and half straight. Ive had gad and health aniexty for the last yr but its been bad this past month. Since having panic attacks and servere aniexty my skin is starting to burn. I heard its common to have burning skin from blood constriction from the skin and nerves get triggered. I went to my gp and he said it should go away as soon as cortisol levels even out but its hard to not stress. The more i stress worse the pain. If anyone experienced this how long did it take for it to go away?
420,neu,"I can't breath, and my heart is pounding my arms hurt so bad, I feel awful but I have multiple sclerosis and panic disorder, I could be having a heart attack or all the stress I'm under is making me have an exacerbation, on the 12th my only nephew was diagnosed with T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia, seeing him so skinny so sick it feel as if my heart is actually rotting, I can't but in some ways it's so heavy I want to die to make it all stop"
421,neu,It has been like 30 minutes since I have had the panic attack today. One of my major problems with these attacks is the numbness and I feel and dizziness. The panic attack tones down a little but maybe worsen. How do I get rid of this numbness and dizziness?
422,neu,They are pretty annoying to handle.
423,neu,"Two different doctors and two pharmacies.

Have mixed 20 mg hydrocodone over course of the day and first dosage ever of Lexapro.

Feeling extra agitated and didn’t know these two drugs could interact. Has anyone ever experienced this. Can’t tell if I’m having a particularly bad panic attack or have mild serotonin syndrome.

Thanks"
424,neu,"Nothing out of the ordinary, shortness of breath, hate the sound of my own voice. Numbness. Nothing is working how can i stop it??"
425,neu,I'm sick right now so i cant breath in from my nose so I'm forced to breathe through my mouth which is making me feel as im choking.
426,neu,How can I help my husband get through a panic attack? He has been having them at night. He wakes up and can’t go back to sleep. He freaks himself out further and I can’t seem to say or not say the right things.. help..
427,neu,
428,neu,"Anxiety is more than just mental, many people don't  understand the physical symptoms that come along with anxiety.  This  video explains why physical symptoms occur and how to stop them.  Hope  this helps:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jpx0quRq5eY&amp;feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jpx0quRq5eY&amp;feature=youtu.be)"
429,neu,My chest has basically been hurting for months now and I always convince myself it is a heart attack. I have been to the ER 6 or more times this past year and had the full heart work up and everything is always normal. I have also seen a cardiologist and a electrophysiologist and all the tests always come out normal. I have been dealing with these panic attacks for about 6 months now. It all started when I smoked weed once and they haven’t stopped. Sometimes coming weekly to now multiple times a day. I don’t know the point of this post I guess just reassurance I’m not dying because every time one hits that is what it feels like.
430,neu,"Hi all, 
So a few days ago I had to go to A&amp;E due to symptoms I’ve been having the past few months and turns it the doctors think it was a panic attack. These symptoms I’ve been feeling are : tightness of the chest, chest pain, a racing heart, body tingles, numbness, brain fuzziness at the back of my head/neck, shooting pain/ dull ache at the back of my neck / back of head, head ache, dizziness, struggling to form words to speak, memory loss, my mind going blank, confusion, my body tensing up, freezing and feeling like I’m going to die followed by exhaustion. My head will also feel like someone is squishing it and I’ll hear tingles in my ears. I become sensitive to heat : cold/ temperature. I also feel as tho I’m not 100 percent there and that I’m in a dream, when this has came on I’ve lost connection with my body and felt so numb to the point I look at myself and don’t recognise it or other things around me, sometimes things don’t look familiar. I also feel robotic and stiff. Is this normal for a ‘panic attack’? I also feel it’s important to mention that for a few months I was on a mood stabiliser called lamotrogine 200 g but came off cold turkey and a few weeks later these type of effects came on, but now it’s been two months and I’m still experiencing these horrible symptoms of what they called a panic attack. I just want to know if other people get these symptoms during a panic attack or is it something that needs to be further investigated as the doctors keep saying it’s panic and anxiety?"
431,neu,"My anxiety and panic is at an all time high. Can’t be comfortable anywhere, I’m trying to just be at peace with this overwhelming sense of terror. Nothing has helped between meds and meditation. I need help any suggestions need help."
432,neu,"So I’ve been dealing with sever panic attacks for a couple months now. I started Zoloft a couple weeks ago and it seems to help me in the morning but by the time I’m ready for bed I start getting panicky. So inherently i gives me insomnia as a side effect from Zoloft so the two together means I get, and this is no metaphor, absolutely no sleep until six or eight in the morning then I sleep for a couple hours tops. Doctor said try melatonin and Tylenol pm. Sure ok I go to the store buy a bottle of each. Head home take them as recommended and lay down. 
 
Now this is where it gets scary for me. 30-45 min go by and I’m starting to feel tired! Fuck yes! Start going into sleep and then it hits me. I start seeing geometric patterns in my vision (eyes closed complete darkness). And I mean like kaleidoscope type crazy geometric patterns. So thinking I’m just crazy I just lay there ignoring it as best as I can and try to sleep. This went on for about 30 min till I had to sit up and force myself to get clear headed and cognitive again. Body was shaky, extremities tingly, drowsy as a mother fucker. Got up and got some water but it wasn’t helping much. Tried laying down and same issues. Felt like I was on a serious bad MDMA trip. ( never done MDMA but heard stories from close friends). It’s been 4 and a half hours since taking everything and I’m finally starting to feel normal again after sitting in a hot bath. Will bring up with doctor on Monday and will not be taking them again.

 Looking for advice on why I had such a crazy experience on these OTC meds. If anyone knows a drug specialist or a family member is a nurse/doctor please have them read this. Would like opinions. 

TL;DR took tylenol pm, Zyrtec, melatonin with lemon balm, to help sleep while on Zoloft. Scary side effects. Looking for opinions."
433,neu,"And are they normal, when you have anxiety and panic disorder?"
434,neu,"Hi! This is my first time posting here. I guess I've had anxiety most of my life (38 now). I had a difficult childhood, but not extremely abusive. It was psychologically abusive and I still carry the weight of that today. I've had a difficult few years where I basically get completely burnt out last year. This year I thought I was doing better, but I'm getting so overwhelmed. I was also diagnosed with ADHD last year. I've tried 3 different meds, but none for more than a week because of interfering with my sleep. 

I've had bad episodes of anxiety in the past, but this morning while I was in the shower I was having (I guess) intruding thoughts about all the different things that are stressing me out. I kept trying to push them down. I know I need to deal with everything, but I can't deal with everything all at once. But everything kept coming back up and I was trying so hard to hold back tears and I was hyperventilating and dizzy and felt like I was going to pass out. After a few waves of this I managed to suppress everything and get out of the shower. Now my chest feels so heavy and tight. I know it's related to anxiety and not a heart attack or anything. 

So I guess I was wondering if this is what a panic attack is or an anxiety attack (are they basically the same thing) I do plan to speak to my doctor about it."
435,neu,So I used to get the tingly feeling in my face and lips and such and it was awful. So I finally haven't had the issue in forever! But now out of no where I started feeling that apending doom feeling almost felt disassociated and it was scary! So I ended up doing the 4-7-8 breath and it worked. But now I'm back to almost where I was when I first got sober I feel like I'm constantly gonna have a panic attack. Just that stomach butterfly feeling. I don't really know what to do. I'm pretty pissed off actually thanks for letting me vent!
436,neu,My heart has been pounding all day not that it’s elevated just like I can feel it and I have felt it all day.... Is this anxiety/panic? I’m new to discovering that I have anxiety and panic disorder.
437,neu,"As I am writing this I’m having a massive panic attack. I had panic attacks before, sind end of April but this one here is different. It’s more like feeling really nervous the whole time while getting panic attack after panic attack after panic attack and so on. I don’t know how to get out of that loop right now. I think I am actually going insane right now. My boyfriend is with me the whole time but doesn’t know what to do anymore (doesn’t have panic attacks and anxiety and stuff) and I am definitely losing my mind. I was never suicidal but as of right now I’m thinking about it way too much.. I have a weird feeling in my stomach and every time it shows up, I’m having a new panic attack. I can’t brake that circle but I need to.. but how ? I am so desperate, can somebody help ?"
438,neu,"This hell started back in July July 22,2019 I had gotten a episode is what I like to call it (panic attack) The following week I stood strong I went to work worked full time I went to the gym I journal I did all my techniques like mediating stretching deep breathing just so I won’t go backwards, I’ve experienced this hell back 3 years ago I went some years with just minor anxiety working school living “normally ”. The chest pain started coming then the thoughts of having another pulmonary embolism I had one when I was 19 due to knee surgery I’ve never had one again and I’m 26 now. I manifested my symptoms the chest pain shortness of breath or dizziness to the symptoms I was had when I had my pulmonary embolism,This time after over 10 er   trips in the matter of three months Countless x-rays CAT scans bloodwork it is not a pulmonary embolism I saw Hematologist a reassuring me that I do not have a blood clot disorder This week I see a cardiologist pulmonologist and gi I can’t stop thinking maybe it’s cancer maybe my symptoms are leading up to cancer maybe it’s another pulmonary embolism or maybe it’s something heart related I’m going on for months with this hell  panic attacks every single day,My main symptoms are chest pain all sorts shortness of breath  body tremors I could feel my head shaking all the time nauseous dizziness. I lost my life I read up about panic disorder I’m doing the therapy and taking meds I see the doctors but  feel so hopeless I told myself if this was some type of disease or cancer or heart problems  I wouldn’t have good days which is rare but I’ve had a few in the matter of 4 months. It would get worse if I had cancer no?"
439,neu,"i’m so tired of obsessing over every single pain i get in my heart/chest. every time i’m enjoying life, i feel a squeeze or a tingle in my chest and it sends me over the edge. i couldn’t sleep last night because it felt like my heart stopped beating and i’ve been exhausted all day because of it. 

i haven’t had an actual panic attack in awhile but this cruel obsession and fear of having a heart attack or my heart stopping is almost just as bad, or even worse. the few times i went to the ER bc of panic attacks/disorder they told me my heart was fine. nothing that drastic could change in just a few months right? but i can’t tell my brain that it’s okay. i know if something was actually wrong, something would happen by now. i’m tired of crying and being afraid. my girlfriend doesn’t know how to handle me. she tries really hard but she doesn’t understand and i know it hurts her. i just want it to stop. i don’t know what to do."
440,neu,"So. Like 10 minutes ago I just had my first panic attack in 2 years. I have depression paired with my anxiety (such a delight) and on my way home from my friends place, I realized everyone in my life is moving on without me. I was driving when my big attack hit and I was barely able to see the road. When I got home I collapsed on the floor and my second attack hit. The worst part is my animals didn’t even really care, they just begged me for food then left me to hyperventilate on the floor. Now I’m sitting here trying to breathe calmly and keep my aftershocks to a minimum. I’m not really sure what to do now bc my old friend that used to help me through my panic attacks 2 years ago moved on and replaced me. No, don’t think about that. I just need help I’m scared to have another attack I’m alone in a house with animals that don’t care if I die."
441,neu,I feel as if there is pressure in my lungs. Any ways to get rid of it
442,neu,"i’ve suffered from panic disorder since i was 8; i’m now 19. i’d say i’ve had upwards of a thousand panic attacks in my short lifespan. however, this one was strange.

normally when i panic i feel like i’m dying of a heart attack, suffocating, going crazy, etc. but this one was extremely out of body. i was almost asleep last night around 12:30 am when i suddenly felt very panicky. i felt like i had little control of my movements (even though i did) and i was shaking like crazy. when i sat up, terrified, my eyesight was totally weird. like i had lost my peripheral vision. i felt like i was dreaming, but i wasn’t. i started having the normal panic attack symptoms following it, like sob, dizziness, racing heart. when my boyfriend asked if i was alright, i could hardly answer him. it was like i was frozen, and all the effort i tried to put in to answer or move wasn’t working. i had no desire to take a benzodiazepine or go to the er because i was convinced it wouldn’t help, that i was going to die anyway. i also felt exhausted and contemplated letting death take over me. my boyfriend just soothingly told me i would be okay, that i wasn’t dying. the last thing i remember was relaxing slightly then i woke up to his alarm. wtf was that?! have any of you experienced anything like this?"
443,neu,"What is the difference between Panic Attack &amp; Anxiety? Some say Panic Attack occurs out of the blue and lasts 3 to 4 mins. However I think of some unnerving situations or circumstances, and I develop this elevated heart beating whenever I think of those and lasts as long as I am not done with them. It heightens when I am doing the task that I dread.

Those things are being Driving, and waiting in line (like in a queue).

So I am 27 years old, had my first ever panic attack in 2016 and it was one time. Then it never appeared until 6 months ago I was driving and I think I developed allergy to caffine. While driving and drinking strong coffee I started to gey being shaky/ sweaty/ faster heart beat/ difficult to breath/ also feeling loss of sensation while driving and I felt that it created this fear in me (one thing leading to other). Now I fear even without having coffee, the fear manifested within me. However, my fear of driving completely disappeared and this thing transfered to standing line for me now. 

Any tips to alleviate or cure it? Is this thing fatal by any means??

Thank you so much in advance! I really don't wanna live out my life like this."
444,neu,"So, for a long time now I've had cardiophobia everyday i would believe i was going to have a heart attack or die. I would most days look at my mum/girlfriend/daughter and think ""this is probably the last time I'll see them"" and the fear would work its way into my body filling me with this cold dread feeling, it made me not want to do anything or enjoy myself because i simply thought whats the point? I'll be gone soon. I get chest pains arm pains, back pains, shortness of breath dizzyness tachycardia etc. Although they haven't been no where near as bad recently. I would get a new symptom and come straight onto reddit / Google praying i would find someone who had the same thing and saying its nothing to worry about.. that worked untill another new symptom came or I thought to myself ""no even tho they have it, i think mines real this is it!!"" My ""secret"" to completely getting rid of all this and actually being able to enjoy my life and not worry about pains, is not what you would expect it to be. I simply accept death is real and no one lives forever, now i know how scary that sounds to even start thinking to accept that but trust me, it really really does help. Accepting it doesn't mean you've ""stop fighting"" and whatever is wrong will kill you, no it just means i got myself in the mentality of ""if i die, i die"" its not my fault or anyone elses. But once you remove the fear of dying, then you can start living. I know this goes against alot of coping mechanisms but trust me it works. It take some getting used to but its really helped me. I know it won't be a perfect strategy for everyone but if you feel like you're out of options, cant hurt to try? 


Fear of death doesn't stop you dying, it just stops you living."
445,neu,"If so, what worked for you?"
446,neu,"Yesterday, I smoked weed for the third time with a few friends. I inhaled too much and too deeply and therefore had a panic attack.

I barely had experience and overdid it. I only had smoked two times before. The first time, I didn't feel anything and the second time I felt heavy, my heart rate accelerated and I got very tired. So that wasn't bad. 

Now to the actual event:
At first, I felt really happy and laughed a lot. But I noticed that my heart beat way faster than normal. I went to the toilet to pee but after I was done, I felt weird. Firstly, I thought that I had to puke but that wasn't it. I sat down on the bathroom floor and tried to calm down and sit comfortably. Then it started... My heart was beating extremely fast and my breath got irregular and weird. A lot of different random thoughts were racing through my head and my physical symptoms kept getting worse. I knew that it was a panic attack because I read about it before so I knew that I probably wasn't dying. But my chest got so tight and I got scared that I had a stroke or a heart attack. I think the worst phase lasted for at least 10 minutes and I literally felt like I was dying. It slowly got better after a while and I was trying to convince myself that I wouldn't have another panic attack. I puked and after I was done, I sat down for a while. All this time, I discussed with a voice in my head. The voice told me to never smoke weed again and that I should warn my friends. It was very strange. At some point, I felt a bit better and my sister helped me and looked out for me. Then I slept. 

It was the most terrifying experience I ever had. I can't even describe how bad it was. 

Now, I'm scared of smoking weed again. 

If anyone has experience or tips, feel free to share it. I could use some help :) 


Tldr; I smoked too much weed, had a terrifying panic attack and now I'm scared of smoking again"
447,neu,How does everyone deal with dissociation and depersonalization from stress and anxiety? Whenever I have an attack or I'm on edge I feel like I'm living outside of my body for about an hour or so until I calm down. It's almost unbearable.
448,neu,I drank A LOT last night. Didn’t black out but threw up a lot and this morning I woke up feeling like I am breathing too slowly and am worried I have alcohol poisoning. I’m freaking out guys.
449,neu,I went to bed last night and slept fine until 6:00am when I was suddenly wide awake with a panic attack.  I have no idea what caused it or where it came from.  Has anyone else had this happen?  Did you ever figure out what caused it?
450,neu,"Does it happen to you , that that you wake up stand up and have shortness of breath and shaking for couple minutes then it goes away?"
451,neu,
452,neu,"My bf 21 occasionally has panick attacks. He has depression and anxiety.

I searched up what to do online and it isn't working.

He gets angry at me if I say ""slow down your breathing"".

He repeats a sentence over and over and if I try to interrupt him to break that chain of thought he will ignore me. Things he would repeat are ""I hate myself, I'm trash, I'm worthless, you hate me, I want to die, im ugly,""  the thing I try to do is say no your not or no I love you and I try to give reasons and he refuses to listen or to rationalize.

I try saying things like ""im here for you, it's going to be okay in a bit, your not alone, I got you, your safe, i love you, your a great guy, your strong, I believe in you, you can do it,""

But it doesn't do anything. 

Sometimes after a panick attack he will have suicidal thoughts and self harm thoughts he has never gone through with that because I stop him or I get him to play his video games so he is distracted.

The only thing that seems to help him in a panick attack or bad feelings is sexual stuff.

He says that making himself feel something else other then fear or sadness could distract him. But I cant always be there for him sexually.

Yea I know that might sound like a red flag but he ask me and if i say no he leaves me alone he doesn't force or pressure me into doing something i dont want to do.

I've mentioned him trying mediation and he says no.

I just want to do everything right to help him, I want to help I don't know how, I feel like I'm either missing something or doing something wrong when it comes to helping him.

Also just mentioning before anyone asks he cant stand medication it doesn't mix well with him and he cant afford therapy at the moment so medication and therapy or seeing someone is not an option.

Does anyone knows something else I could do to help him.

Sorry for all the typos."
453,neu,"Hello people of this sub, I have an inquiry for you guys since this sub is specialized in panic attacks,

Recently I've been dozing off and waking up with an extremely high heart rate ranging from (118-140) in which the episode involves me waking up feeling my heart race short breaths as if I had just ran a marathon and confusion of if I'm dying and where I am, just a little background of my physical stature, I'm 5'3 female and just about 115 lbs with a resting heart rate of 60-75 so anyways I told my dad about what was going on and he said that they're panic attacks so here i am asking for your opinions on whats going on, it only happens when i take a nap and after a full nights' rest occasionally. Only when i wake up."
454,neu,"Hello again lmao I'm that kid that always posts about my anxiety/panic attack recovery and I'm back cuz I keep getting the same question so I'll just answer it here aha ""did u ever have setbacks from recovering?"" YES, YES I DID A LOT LMAO so anyway when I decided to finally gain control of my anxiety and work to be able to live a normal life again it did not come easy at all. I used to have 6 or 7 severe panic attacks a day pretty much living w anxiety every second of everyday. I remember slowly bringing my number of attacks a day down gradually till it was like one a day then I'd have a massive attack outta nowhere and have to restart again then I'd go a couple days panic attack free and then boom get hit w another bad panic attack then a week would go by free of panic then u guessed it a fat panic attack but lemme tell u the first time I experienced a week w out a panic attack was amazing. Hell the 2 days w out a panic attack. I got a taste of what it felt like to be ""normal"" again. And when I felt that it motivated me even more to get rid of my anxiety. Then anyway I'd go 2 weeks panic attack free then have a panic attack then fall back down the whole a panic attacks again. This happened on and off for like 4 months I'd go from not being panicky to feeling like I'm not even making progress like it isnt even worth it. But its 1000% worth it. I had CRIPPLING attacks. But compared to me then to now. Like I'm so happy I put in all that work to be where I am today. To be able to wake up and go about my day and not experience even the slightest bit of anxiety and to feel ""normal"" again is something I'll never take for granted ever again. Ofc I still experience anxiety a person w out an anxiety disorder still experiences anxiety they're just not fixated on it like us. 
But yes panic attack and anxiety set backs are a thing that u will have to endure and get past. It's the toughest thing you will have to do. I'm not even lying. But when u finally break thru you'll be so happy u went thru all that work. I promise you. The moment you go ur first week w out a panic attack is when you'll feel this crazy amount of motivation to go 2 weeks w out a panic attack then 3 weeks then 4 then so on and so forth to the point where u forget u even have panic attacks. That small taste of being ""normal"" will rush thru ur veins like nun other it's almost literally like a drug lmao. Imagine being normal again and how good it sounds. Ik u want that so do it then. Stop letting ur symptoms and minds control u smh anyway good luck prepare to fight the toughest battle but in the end itll be worth it😎🤘"
455,neu,"Ok so your getting better w your panic attacks you're beginning to see hope that ur attacks will go away you're 1 month clean off of a panic attack but then one day you're hit w a symptom outta no where and it's a big symptom u got so use to not dealing w anxiety that the smallest symptom is something that'll trigger u into falling back down into panic attacks. This happened to me so I'm telling u this now when u get to this point to not panic. 
So anyway I was maybe like 2 months w a panic attack i was feeling myself i was like hell yeah I'm normal again i can do anything i want again my life is amazing panic attacks no more lmao well.. i remember one day out of NO WHERE my heart got hit w one of the biggest heart flutter known to man kind i swear, and guess what happened to me. I panicked LMAO and it definitely set me back not to far but it did set me back a decent amount. But that's when I realized. U still may experience sum symptoms. So for me I'm straight vibnnnnnnnn like I said life is normal again but I still experience symptoms. But not like the big ones like you all know the plethora of symptoms when u experience a severe panic attack it's like 20 different symptoms its like for me anyway I notice my heart rate sometimes is higher then usual or my heartbeat is beating a little harder then usual or I'll experience a lil flutter. But this is where ur knowledge of ur panic attacks and why panic attacks happen and why there caused come In. Ik my anxiety is caused by my heart  ( i had heart based anxiety) fear of heart attacks etc so u can see how heart palpitations messed me up they were the symptoms I feared the most. But I still get them from time to time. But I dont panic anymore purely because ik what happening. For me I could be experiencing the palpitations because of a food I ate or because adrenaline is rushing thru my body. U get what I'm saying? I've experienced panicking so much to where I now I'll be ok I'll be fine on top of that ik why panic attacks happen, I know the chemical process of panic attacks, ik it's just adrenaline coursing thru my veins. The more u learn just about panic attacks in general the more you'll know how to handle it. So when I experienced these symptoms I just dont even think about it anymore it happens I'm like huh my heart rate is kinda fast then I remember to when I would start panicking and just laugh and then go back to whatever I was doing and forget my heart rate is even high. Someone posted this in this sub one time ""theres 2 types of people, people who notice heart palps and people who dont"" and that hit me hard lmao but to sum it up when u feel a symptom dont tweak about it just remember why u felt it in the first remember ur ok ur fine you've experience this so many times before and remember u came to far in ur recovery just to fall back into the whole of panic attacks. ALSO just go read about panic attacks please educate urself on why they are, why they happen and especially read about how they r harmless. Just learning about them helped me a lot. And remember everyone here experiences the same thing lmao we vibn"
456,neu,
457,neu,"Hey everyone,
I’m moving in a month across the Country, and I’m scared I’m going to have a panic attack on the trip there. I have a choice to go on a plane or car, both I have had panic attacks in.  The plane would be worse if a panic attack happens, in the car Im more likely to have a panic attack.  My anti panic meds would work for the entirety of the plane ride but not the road trip.  And in the car I would have an escape if needed.  What would you guys do? Any advice?  
Thank you!"
458,neu,Currently think im having a heart attack i need help taking mind off it please had a very stressful couple of days my chest is burning and slight pressure feel a little faint
459,neu,"Does anyone else find them self googling after they've had a panic attack, things like ""did i have a panic attack or was it actually a heart attack"" and read articles like ""5 ways to tell your actually having a heart attack"" etc?"
460,neu,"Today I woke up kind of scared from a dream in which I was having a panic attack, last thursday the same happened. I haven't had a full panic attack in more than a year, it was so weird to feel the exact same thing but in a dream and I hope it won't become something regular."
461,neu,"I think I had my first panic attack last night. I got really high then closed my eyes and started thinking destructively this lead to me constantly asking Jesus in my head to help, five minutes of doing that and i started feeling this crazy feeling that I never have felt in my chest hand it was growing so I got up and I felt so defeated and distraught and straight fucked up then I just played fort nite the great of the night. Could’ve been god or just my body finally giving in to my depression, shits fucked I don’t know if I’m going to be able to pick my life up again it’s getting really hard to do anything"
462,neu,"I’m having a panic attack right now. I keep having them, it’s been two weeks. 

I can’t do this anymore."
463,neu,"For as long as I can remember, no matter if it was bouncing chairs, rocking chairs, being rocked back and forth, swinging on a swing, or even taking an elevator in a building, any sort of bouncing, rocking, motion-related things would make me feel nauseous and sick. I was told that as a baby, when I was bouncing in a chair or being rocked back and forth, I would cry - so that was stopped quickly. For all my life, I’ve felt wobbling and rocking sensations (like I’m on a boat) even while sitting still. Putting myself in motion then coming to a stop can magnify that sensation.

Later on into childhood, I was doing a lot of skating at hockey rinks and playing hockey. There was one time, when I was around maybe 10-12 years old, I was skating around the rink and all of a sudden got this super numb feeling from head to toe, almost a light-headed feeling, where everything around me felt ‘off’. I rushed off the rink super fast as I felt nervous and it took me several minutes of sitting down in a seat and relaxing until it went away. It’s hard to explain the exact feeling. But it’s just like my brain, body, and surroundings felt off. Moving my arms and body just didn’t feel normal. Even though I loved skating and hockey more than anything, I basically had to be forced to go back and start skating again, as I was too afraid that it would happen again.

I did get back into skating and hockey, and several years later, when I was probably around 16, I was in a hockey tournament and it happened once again but this time it was while playing on the rink. Body went completely numb, surroundings felt weird, it felt weird to move my body. Immediately, I took myself off the rink while the game was in play, and people looked at me questioning what I was doing. It was all confusing for me too, as I simply did not understand what was happening or why it was happening again.

This feeling I got while playing hockey or skating ultimately led me to quitting the sport I love.

Now today, I’m in my mid-20’s, and about a year and a half ago, I started taking a protein bar out with me while in public because there were certain points where I figured my blood sugar maybe just dipped a bit low (felt a tiny bit nervous), I would eat the snack and felt better a few minutes later. Then, at the time, I was taking protonix/pantoprazole (which I took for over 7+ months due to an ulcer), and then came off an antibiotic and steroid (at the end of the protonix) from being sick. I was out in public about exactly a year ago, after finishing those medications, and after eating a big meal, I went into a department store and had a full-blown panic attack for the first time. Now, I’m dealing anxiety and difficultly leaving the house (a bit agoraphobic) since having 2 panic attacks in public.

As I look back on different situations in my life where I got anxious, nervous, and/or got this ‘numb-type feeling’ that overtook my body and my surroundings felt off, it was typically while skating, playing hockey, driving in a vehicle, being around a large crowd of people like in a sports arena, or anxiousness led to it and it took a little while to relax and for the sensation to go away. This ‘off-feeling’ still happens here and there (not nearly as prominent as before), but mixed with the current state of anxiousness and difficulty being able to leave the house.

I am not asking for diagnoses, but just want to know if anyone has ideas of what this could potentially be, as well as any feedback or tips. I recently read some research on the vestibular system and its relation to anxiety, agoraphobia, balance and motion, and makes me wonder if there is something potentially wrong with that.

Thank you for reading this!"
464,neu,"I’m new to this sub, but this is a cross-post from r/OCD. I don’t know if what I’m experiencing classifies as a panic attack or not. I’ve never really had a term for this experience other than “freaking the fuck out”. I thought this sub might be able to help, because at this point I can’t calm down. A lot of the wording applies directly to OCD, so sorry about that, too.


I’ve had my oldest dog since I was six or seven. He’s been with me since my onset (OCD) and has gotten me through so much, and I just caught myself wondering how I’ll even proceed when something happens to him.

Suddenly I’m jumping from “what am I going to do if or when [insert situation]” to “what if this is some sort of sign” to “if I text my family member to check on him, something might happen because I ‘jinxed it’ “ (I’m not with the dog right now because of the custody situation I live in).

Suddenly everything that I might do in this situation (reassurance, checking in on him to prove myself wrong, not checking in to keep from seeking reassurance and/or jinxing it) is somehow going to cause an event that I’m dreading.

I’m freaking and I don’t know how to proceed. I feel guilty, as if I caused something by thinking about it.

I lost another dog a while back, and when she was at the clinic I started praying nonstop. They told me that they’d given the okay to put her down nearly immediately after I calmed down enough to stop saying repetitive prayers. I feel like I “let” God allow her to die/not recover quickly enough. (Which is blasphemous in itself and only worried me more for feeling.)

Now I’m facing a similar situation and I can’t tell myself I’m being ridiculous because it’s technically already happened to me."
465,neu,It feels like I can hardly breathe and I’m on the bus and trying to stay calm and I’m scared I’m going to die
466,neu,"I can feel my body trembling through my hands I can feel my heart beat through my head. I feel my heart pounding and why is it so high I just woke up it’s 340pm and I’m tossing and turning,I’m cold yet I’m sweating my chest won’t allow me to sleep because I’ll turn or I’ll breathe a certain way and I’ll feel a fork being shoved  into  my chest. I wake up to a bag just in case I feel nauseous which I normally vomit bile into. I get up for water and it feels like I’m on a boat or as if I’m drunk but not in a exciting way.the lights are flickering or atleast they are in my head I only walk to the restroom yet I’m short of breathe and can’t take a full deep breathe it’s like I’m under water. I deal with panic attacks a few times a day some days just one but they can last hours I’m getting used to them. Body aches and some days like today I can just lay here and wait for a miracle.  I tell myself it’s been 4 months if it was heart related I don’t think you would be here joe The only time I get a normal life is when I get my 3-4 hours of sleep and not the tossing and turning sleep just sleep, the lights are off in my head and body. I had a pulmonary embolism at 19 and the symptoms were fairly similar now every time  I get these symptoms I end up in the Er and I’ve been negative for a pe for 6 years I am 26 now . My biggest fear is not knowing what’s real or what’s not. I was working for 3 years now keep in mind I was sorta normal for those three years this hell came back just a few months ago for anyone fighting this man oh man let me tell you. I truly believe we are a different breed and I pray this hell comes to an end eventually for all of us."
467,compound," I know it’s the holidays and everyone is visiting family.  I know if  you’re struggling with panic attacks/anxiety...flying can seem like a  NIGHTMARE.  If you struggle with the fear of flying, I can definitely  relate.  Ironically, it’s a surprisingly an easy issue to fix.  Hope  this helps the group."
468,neu,Does anybody have this issue?
469,neu,
470,neu,
471,neu,"\*\*DARK-WEB VENDOR :PHARMA GRADE PRODUCTS\*\*METH, ADDYS, OXY 80'S, SUB STRIPS, KIT-KAT &amp; OTHER RESEARCH CHEMICALS. [CONTACT:bekesrofine@gmail.com](mailto:CONTACT:bekesrofine@gmail.com)\*\* OR \*\*WICKR:fastdnmdeals ....."
472,neu,"I have had some issues with sleep lately. Sometimes when I’m about to fall sleep I get extremely sick to my stomach and need to quickly get up. Other times a small noise will jolt me out of bed and I will jump right up. 
But lately will will occasionally get this feeling like the bed is shaking as I am about to fall sleep. When I move it stops. I will realize the feeling is me, but I’ll be half asleep, when I come completely to it stops.

I’ve been having serious anxiety symptoms. I’ve been to the hospital about 8 times in the past year and a half thinking I was having a heart attack. Each time they said it was anxiety.

My doctor prescribed me hydroxozine and ever time it happened was about a day after I took a pill. I also have been obtaining atavan through a friend which I take about twice a month. My doctor won’t prescribe it but these attacks feel like I am about to dye and I’ll do nearly anything to stop them. SSRI’s are not an a
Option for me because they have made me go crazy, on several different ones. Wellbutrin worked very well but my BP went up. 
I quit Wellbutrin after 5 years on it because the doc said that may be the cause of my anxiety, I stopped in in September. I wonder if these symptoms could also be a post withdrawal from Wellbutrin."
473,neu,"Im really really really sick of this now, i miss being okay"
474,neu,I feel like im going to start getting on Peoples nerves posting asking stuff every single time i have one hahah
475,neu,
476,neu,Panic disorder has taken over my life. Can barely be active in fear of random panic attacks. Thinking of getting workout equipment so I can work out at home. That way I can go relax right away if being active triggers them as it usually does. Will be really expensive though. Barely go anywhere because of my fear of not being able to concentrate in attacks; they usually happen when I'm out and about. Working with doctors to stop them and will be starting a new med in a week to see if it helps but I'm beginning to think I might have to deal with this the rest of my life. In constant fear and worry.
477,neu,Looking for someone who has had good results embracing their panic attack in order to stop it- please explain to me what you tell yourself while embracing the attack. I am interested in how well this worked for you and if it made a significant decrease in the number of attacks you experience.   Sorry for formatting and thank you for your responses!
478,neu,"Give me all of your best mantras, phrases, advice, bc right now I'm in the middle of one and it fucking sucks. Chest tightness, shortness of breath, thinking I'm going to have a heart attack and die. I'm a 20 yo female and I've had all the EKGs, blood work, CT scans, x-rays, and still feel like something is wrong with me. So give me the best you got!!!!!"
479,compound,Have you ever been sitting down and feeling fine and then suddenly your heart does this strong heart beat flutter feeling and you’re in a mental worry for the next few hours?
480,neu,"I've never had any panic issues in my life until about four months ago. I had been working doubles, sleeping only 3-4 hours a night, dealing with stress of taking care of my family and so on. My brain snapped and sent me into what I thought was a heart attack or stroke. 

I went to the ER on the night of what i thought was a stroke. At the end of the ambulance ride to the hospital I started to come back but totally exhausted. They found nothing through EKG's, X-rays, etc. I've had two more episodes where I left work just to come home and return to normal.

I did not know that panic attacks were a thing then. I assumed a health issue. A doctor and Heart monitor later, i've finally found my issue.

I've realized I can bring myself down from these. This is clearly panic attacks. I've had long periods in between but now this thought has been stuck in my head. I wish it was a true health issue.

I can get in my head over the smallest things and recover on my own without anyone knowing. I hate medication. Has anyone successfully quit having panic attacks? 

I know they were stress-induced/work overload but now they haunt me day to day. I go through bouts almost everyday but cut them short by mentally telling myself i'm OK. I'm in my head. It's exhausting.

I've never had any mental issues or anything beforehand and now i just feel weak. I can be totally normal and snap in the matter of seconds from getting in my head. 

How do I rebound from this and get back to myself? Preferably without medication. I've never been medicated before or had issues like this. Any triggers can send me into a thought. 

Thanks for your help!"
481,neu,"In 2012 I smoked weed with several friends and I smoked out of a bong that was extremely long and I had no tolerance builds up. This was the start of some of the worst experiences of my life. Immediately after I smoked the bong I began to feel weird and all the sudden I felt like I was tripping on acid. I felt extremely confused and after the fact for the year following I have felt it for a few minutes every few years. Tonight i was sleeping and I woke up and just felt like I was still dreaming but before I knew it i was running around the house at night by myself. Trying to walk off the weird feeling. I kind of want to ignore it but I don’t know what it is, does anyone have any idea what this could be, at the time in 2012  when it first happened I had been going to a psychotherapist for receiving ADHD medication for college. He told me it was flashback. I’m not sure what to think. Anything helps. Thanks."
482,neu,"So I'm new here, only joined so I could post this and get some closure and advice.
So I've been struggling with something I thought was nothing for about 8 years now. I'm too scared to open up about it and see a doctor because I don't feel like what's happening to me is justifiable, my life is pretty decent despite a few minor family and anxiety problems, also severe trust issues due to some past events and bad fallouts with friends.
So my friend was staying with me for the week and I started to feel a little bit off. I ignored it as I thought i was just Moody from the heat or from PMS. 
After struggling with my mood and trying to keep a brave face for her so that we could have a good time I completely broke down and locked myself in the bathroom, I proceeded to have a panic attack before calming down, I was in the bathroom for about 30 min when she knocked on the door and I had to let her in, she calmed me down and told me to go to bed. She then told me to tell her what's going on, I got a little irritable with this because I was not in the state of mind to talk about it and told her that I don't know what's going on, I've been like this for years now and I really don't want to think about it at the moment. She then for really upset and layed down, I could hear her sobbing and got a message from my boyfriend telling me that she felt confused and wanted to leave. That exact message made me so upset it induced another panic attack from me and I got up and locked myself in the garage. I felt so upset that I was being forced to reconcile a friendship when I was in fact not in the state of mind to explain myself or even control myself. My boyfriend phoned me and talked me through the panic attack but then basically forced me to go back and apologise to her and tell her that I would speak to her the next day. I was reluctant at first but thought that it was the only way to fix the situation. As I walked back to the room I felt a surge of panic again, I was having my 3rd panic attack within a 2 hour time frame. I tried to calm myself but I felt as if I was going crazy, I felt as if I were going to die at that exact moment and was hyperventilating. My boyfriend kept phoning me but I put down all the calls because I couldn't breathe. Eventually my best friend heard me and took me outside for fresh air and rubbed my back as she helped me ease my breathing. As this happened I couldn't stop crying. Eventually I got my breathing back to normal and apologized to her for what was happening and about how Moody I had been all week and that I was sorry if I ruined our time together. Everything felt as if it had gone back to normal after that and that she understood what was going on so we went to bed. 
Anyways an hour passes and neither of us can sleep, she's speaking to a guy and I'm browsing Reddit. I ask her when she's seeing this guy again and she says tomorrow, she's sleeping over by him, note that she's supposed to stay with me until Sunday. I don't react I say that's cool she must be excited. She tells me how she's going to stay with her cousin and that's she's leaving the next morning. I try not to react. But deep down I feel heartbroken. I don't know if I'm being selfish, if I scared her. But I don't resist it and eventually we fall asleep.
The next morning we wake up, hardly speak, as I have to explain to my mother that she's leaving. I don't know how to explain that to my mother. My parents know absolutely nothing of my episodes, they think I've been okay for the last 3 years. 
I drive her to her cousin in complete silence, keep in mind I don't feel well enough to drive yet but I do it anyways. The entire time I'm driving I'm thinking about how I just wanna ram head first into oncoming traffic. I'm swerving from Lane to lane driving as fast as I can because of how my thoughts are racing. 
Am I chasing everyone away? Am I a burden on my friend? Why does everyone who supposedly cares about me leave me? Why does my family ignore every red flag? How bad have I been bottling these feelings that they'd explode like this? Do I need help? How so I explain 8 years worth of pain to my parents?
Anyway, I just need advice on what to think. Am I being selfish for thinking she should've stuck with me through this? Am I expecting too much from her? Is she bad for not waiting for the next day to talk to me about what happened?"
483,neu,"I suffer from panic attacks which I have got really well under control. The strong physical symptoms like tachycardia (strong and fast heartbeat),Dizziness, strong anxiety to die are really much less and not so intense anymore. Through acceptance and conscious breathing I get it well under control. Also my fear of a serious illness is actually almost no longer there . The doctor has checked my blood and made a long-term ECG . I have super blood values and the measurement was also harmless. I have a good blood pressure. I visit a psychologist once a week.  He told me I was stressed and under a lot of pressure that triggers the Panic Attack. I could reduce this stress really well what I notice on the basis of the decay of the symptoms.

&amp;#x200B;

But now was this moment that threw me completely off track. I had a stressful day behind me and didn't really relax in between. I was not very attentive to my body and thought oh I pull the day through . I noticed the stress the whole time .In the evening on the way home while speaking with my wife I had a strange short feeling in the chest a kind of tingling . It did not hurt or anything else it was just this super unpleasant feeling in connection with one strong additional heartbeat (I do not know exactly whether my heart has beaten stronger once) It was really just this short moment like a little adrenaline rush. That immediately put me in such a strong fear as I had at the beginning of my panic attack. However only the fear no dizziness no heart racing. I have this fear since this day again very strong. My thoughts race again around the topic. **I do not trust my heart**. The heartbeat is quite rhythmic and calm. **I know im healthy** . But the fear of an extra stroke that I feel is so intense. **Is it from my heart or at all or just the adrenaline of a little panic attack I can't classify it .** That drives me crazy .  My whole life I have never felt anything like it and now I feel it sometimes. But why? 

I know every person has these additional strokes several times a day. They are harmless.  But why do I feel them then sometimes? Is it just the stress? Is it just the panic attack that triggers me ? 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for any advice"
484,neu,"Does it happen that you start to shake out of nowhere,  you can sit,  work , or watch tv , then suddenly start shaking for like 5 min then goes away and i feel normal again?"
485,neu,
486,compound,"When I start to get the ‘scaries’ and I know a panic attack is near by sometimes I will put on some music and sing along. The act of actually singing really helps. I think it’s a natural happy chemical booster in the brain, and it helps regulate my breathing. Not sure if anyone else will find this helpful, but I hope so!"
487,neu,Convinced completely that ativan stops my panic attacks without me having to lay down anymore which makes me really happy! Hopefully doctors can find something that prevents them from happening. Fingers crossed.
488,neu,I just woke up from a dream where I just suddenly forgot how to breathe. Now I'm scared that it will happen again what should I do
489,neu,"Is it normal that my panic attacks last four hours?
I read up that most people experience them for up to half hour, however mine start by getting stabbing pains in my heart/ chest/ tightness of chest then followed by shortness of breath, dizziness, extreme fatigue, hot flushes/ chills blanking out and feeling like I’m gonna die or something bad will happen, and this lasts up to four hours on and off and my voice started even going hoarse. This is so embarrassing as it happened yesterday at work. Does anyone else get them for this long??"
490,neg,"having a panic attack, cant move, help"
491,neu,"Before the PA i was sitting in my room feeling anxious, and then i went up and down ot the stairs and i was feeling exhausted and my heart rate was abnormal for that kind of activity and then i got hit by a PA.

Any thoughts on this?"
492,neu,"I think im having a panic attack i hope it is anyway, but my head feels hot, chest tight and my palms are sweaty i feel like im going to collapse as well, im just very nervous about calling because i know what they'll think it is etc, i don't know what to do i was okay yesterday but had ""panic attacks"" the days before i dunno"
493,neu,"So these feelings I’m getting, In my left arm I sometimes get like a stiff feeling and sometimes what feels like an electrical pulse going through the whole arm, this doesn’t happen often it only seems to be when I’m panicking. And I feel a weird discomfort in my heart which makes me want to sort of scratch the inside of it? I’m 16 and am not prone to any illnesses and have had heart &amp; blood checks all coming back ok, which is why I’ve turned to reddit to simply ask if anyone else who is prone to panics ever gets these weird symptoms too."
494,neu,"I (21 F) have started having them about 3 years ago. I didn’t know what they were back then, and they weren’t as severe. The heart pain would usually go away after 15 minutes so I never focused too much on it. Last night I had the worst panic attack of my life, the pain started when I was just about to fall asleep (about 1 am) and it was worse than ever before. It didn’t go away until about 5 am when I managed to calm down a bit and fall asleep while sitting (lying down was basically impossible since it made the heart pain so much worse). 
I have had a very stressful period lately, as I’m in the final year at uni and I have a lot of deadlines coming up and I really want to do well. I also have things going on in my personal life and overall with my mental health that are a big source of stress. I am trying to ground myself in reality, meditate, do breathing exercises but I feel like I can’t get myself to calm down. I have this constant feeling of anxiety and now, after last night’s panic attack, it’s just managed to intensify because I am so scared it will happen again. I keep feeling a bit of discomfort in my chest and I start spiralling, thinking it’s happening again. 
I don’t know, I guess I’m looking for some advice if any of you have any techniques to stop yourself from thinking like this."
495,neu,"Hi guys, my sister suffers from severe panic attacks. What are some over the counter or natural remedies? She is going to the doctor this upcoming week but I need something mean while."
496,compound," 

The following article is aimed at people who try to solve their mind because others who don't try to fix their mind don't have this problem. For others, they find solutions that work and move forward in life.

If you are trying to become more confident or restore your self-esteem or overcome an emotional block from past traumatic life events or trying to heal a wound or want to overcome mental exhaustion and tiredness. Then you haven't found a solution that’s permanent and you never will.

You might have tried a lot of things but everything works for a couple of days or a few months and then you relapse.

The reason why it doesn't work is because you are trying to fix your mind. Why is this a problem?

To understand this issue better I am going to classify reality into 2 categories

Tangible(REAL) &amp;

Intangible(CONCEPTUAL).

Examples of tangible(REAL):

Everything that is physical like a chair, mountains, your physical problems such as money, physical health, physical comfort, and even empty space is tangible(REAL). In short, if you can point your finger at anything it's tangible(REAL).

Examples of intangible(CONCEPTUAL):

Everything that your finger cannot point towards is intangible(CONCEPTUAL) like your past or other people's past, future, all languages, all identities and most important of all the mind and it's problems like confidence, self-esteem, emotional block, mental exhaustion, and mental tiredness and mood.

Let me explain, past is out of reality hence it's a concept

Future is not yet in reality hence it's a concept

There is only sound, ink on papers and pixels changing colors on your screen hence language is a concept.

And why is mind a concept? Because you can't point out its location. If something is not here and now then it's not real. If you are pointing at your brain to specify the location of your mind then there are synapses, neurons, neurochemicals, electricity, etc in your brain but there is no such thing as mind between synapses. Mind is not a thing just like your past.

It's a concept. Human beings are the only species that can conflate concepts with material reality and behave as if it's just as real as materials.

And concepts can have conceptual errors or problems. Like if someone abuses you verbally and you feel bad that's a conceptual error or problem.

If your past has some issues and you are upset because of it that is a conceptual error or problem.

If you are worried about your future then that's a conceptual error or problem.

If your mind has issues like fear, low confidence, low self-esteem, emotional wounds these all fall under conceptual errors or problems.

And conceptual errors can be solved by modifying the concept but it's temporary and fickle. Like believing in God can make someone feel good about life but this doesn't work if you doubt the conceptual modification which is the existence of God.

Moral of the story. Conceptual errors or problems cannot be solved permanently only temporarily because it's not real. You cannot solve something that isn't real.

SO WHAT NOT TO DO?

Don't make the inner journey into solving your mind.

Turn outward into the material world and start solving only tangible(real) problems and not intangible(conceptual) problems. Because when you turn outward and focus on material problems your inner world like mind, past and future problems will dissolve because humans cannot focus on 2 things at the same time. If you focus on tangibles then you can't think about intangibles.

Let me explain how to do this.

Ask your self what physical discomfort or problems or needs or wants do I have right now?

And only pursue those solutions that are of material and physical nature because you are here in the physical world, your life is happening in the physical world, your problems, needs, and wants are in the physical world and you want to make your physical life better not your conceptual life better. So then why make an inner journey into solving the mind. Turn outward

Some of you will say that without a healthy mind I can't solve my real-world physical problems like money or relationships or whatever.

Wrong you have a habit of looking for intangible solutions to make your life better like trying to find solutions to your mind by meditating, some courses for mind or inner peace, therapy to fix your mind.

If you chase peace of mind you will become restless. But if you give up on finding peace and just sit you will rest. That's why some of us are restless because we are chasing something (peace of mind) that only comes when you stop chasing (the intangibles).

OR you could pursue tangible solutions.

Either don't try to solve your mind or solve physical tangible problems with tangible solutions. But don’t' pursue a solution that you can't touch or which doesn't require you to do something physical.

Examples:

If your brain has some chemical imbalance then drugs or something physical will work and if they don't then look for other tangible solutions, your odds of finding it are higher than finding a permanent intangible(CONCEPTUAL) solution because it doesn't exist.

Most of us don't have chemical imbalances we have situational depression. So changing the situation works not mind games.

If your relationships don't work then affirmations aren’t permanent solutions just temporary. Work on improving yourself tangibly like physique, money, and learning to treat people right in speech and in action.

When you turn outward rather than journey inward into the mind you also do something that in today’s culture we call as LIVING IN THE PRESENT/MOMENT because tangible problems and their respective solutions are always in the present. Only intangibles are in some other dimension. If you want to live in the present do your business with the tangibles and don't mess with the intangibles unless absolutely necessary but do keep in mind that the intangible solutions are always temporary.

I have never seen, heard or even read about someone living or dead that has made the inner journey into the mind and found something useful not even Gautam Buddha The Enlightened One found anything (I will explain this in another post). So what chance do you and I have in finding a solution to bring peace to our chaotic mind?

This is a very complicated concept to explain. I have tried my best to make you aware of this issue. If you still have some questions or need help figuring out what not to do.

Then take my free consultation by sending me a message:"
497,compound," **When we are feeling low or anxious our natural tendency is to find a solution to fix our motivation levels or anxiety or improve emotional competence.**

**This is the mistake, not everyone makes this mistake but if you are someone who wants to control his/her mind and make it behave the way you want and if you look for solutions to overcome fear, build confidence, increase drive or enthusiasm, change your personality, become a fun person, etc. You must read this.**

**If you are chasing these types of solutions I guarantee you that you will never find any solution that works properly. No one ever has. Why?**

**Because these issues are a byproduct of actual physical underlying issues. These are symptoms, not the causes. You can try to cure your symptoms all you want but without fixing the underlying cause you won’t find a permanent solution.**

**If you lack motivation to do something that’s because you don’t have an actionable plan that has a reasonable probability of success. That’s why your mind isn’t interested in taking action. Find a practical actionable solution with a decent chance of success then your mind will be motivated.**

**Motivation is not a solution, it’s a symptom of a solution that you come up with when you feel low.**

**Example 1: If you are not motivated to take action to make money let’s say through blogging that’s because you don’t know exactly how to get there. How will you come up with great content every day consistently for at least a year is a question that you need to answer first to feel motivated. (You need a tangible solution to fix the intangible issue like motivation.)**

**Example 2: If you are anxious about going outdoors because you have social anxiety that’s because you don’t know realistically and probabilistically how people will treat you when you go out. And you don’t know what to do in unlikely situations when someone treats you poorly. You haven’t answered these critical questions yet. (You need a tangible solution to fix intangible issues like social anxiety)**

**Example 3: If you are afraid of relationships or the opposite gender because of past relationship failures. You haven’t answered the question of how do I detect jerks and kind men accurately and consistently, you probably don’t judge based on how the guy treats or thinks about others especially other men and women who are inferior to him physically or socially.**

**If you are a guy afraid of women that’s coz you don’t know what to say. You haven’t answered this question in a satisfying way yet. (You need a tangible solution to fix intangible issues like fear of rejection or fear of another failed relationship)**

**If you want to know the logical reason behind this read the long form of this post then message me I will share the google doc with you**"
498,compound,"Hey, Today I Am Going to Send You My Latest Audio for Free!

Comment ""me"" down below to get yours :)"
499,neu,I can’t even look on my phone and it’s really hard to type this. Whatever I do I feel stressed. Even if I want to watch my favorites videos it stresses me. I get headaches on the left side of my head and everything feels cold even tho my room is warm. It’s stressful to cook something or anything else. The only thing I can do is closing my eyes and stay in my bed. But then I get depressed and less energy. If I overdo something my brain just shuts down and I have brainfog/no concentration. Afterwards I check my bloodpressure and it goes down up to 70/60
500,neu,"Firstly I've only had a panic attack once before. And it was not related to noise.

Second I'm on the spectrum and out of key music has always bothered me, as well as any clashing sounds. Affects me like nails on a chalkboard.

I was at church and the pastor was singing, but his guitar was not in key, nor was his daughter singing with him. My face began to feel warm, my heart rate was climbing rapidly, I began to shake, and my breathing became shaky and uneasy.

I left the room and went outside and breathed deeply and steadily, and when that wasn't doing much, I listened to Simon and Garfunkel while controlling my breathing. Now I feel a little better, but WTF happened and why???"
501,neu,"Every time I get a headache or feel weird I start internally freaking out thinking ""this is it."" Like right now, I just feel uncomfortable. I dont know how to put it into words exactly, but I feel weak and tired (I slept good last night) and in my head I'm freaking out thinking I'm going to pass out or something. Sometimes I get a weird tingle in my head and I automatically think I'm going to have a seizure or that I have an aneurysm and I can't get those thoughts out of my head. It's so annoying. I have to go to work in like an hour and sit there for 8 hours feeling like this until I can go home. I've never had a seizure from my panic attacks or anything, but I always think that's what's going to happen, every single time that's where my head goes. I'm going to pass out, throw up, or have a seizure. I hate feeling like this."
502,neu,"Has anyone had any luck with giving up caffeine to minimize anxiety? Just curious. My anxiety has been pretty severe the last few weeks, but I haven’t been sleeping much and then I have to drink coffee to stay motivated alert...and to avoid migraines (I have them chronically) so it seems to be a sick cycle!"
503,neu,"Is it symptom of anxiety?, was laying down,  chilling,  no headache, no pain, just feelings of cold breeze in the head started out of nowhere while laying down."
504,neu,"  


Panic attack trigger warning:&gt;!I have had panic attacks since I was a child, when I think about my death or how small I am compared to space. My brains begin to feel hot, my breathing gets weird, muscles startle, I get a terrible feeling like I am going to die.!&lt;

&amp;#x200B;

What kind of triggers do you have? Is my fear of de\_\_\_ common with you too? Have you had panic attacks after hearing someone talk about your trigger?"
505,neu,Has anyone tried this before? Did it work or help?
506,neu,"I'm not going to make this long, although I easily could because of how much built up to it. But basically, I started taking a mega-dose of Omega 3 for depression (not anxiety), about 9 months ago. About 2 months ago, maybe 3 months, I started having panic attacks. I never had them before, and they unbelievably intense. I went to the hospital twice, both times they said it was purely psychological and I was physically healthy. The thing is, I know myself, and I know I don't have anxiety, at least not like that. Even during the actual attacks, I wasn't anxious, like at all. I know that sounds weird and hopefully someone here can relate, but I was having full blown anxiety attacks, psychological and physical symptoms and all, but without anxiety. I would just be sitting there dying, freaking out, just thinking what the hell is this?! Fast forward to last week, and after months of the attacks getting worse and worse, and more frequent, I randomly forgot my Omega 3 (because the attacks had screwed my life up so bad, I was literally on the edge of one every second of every day). It was 2 days before I remembered to take it again. In those 2 days I suddenly felt better, like the thick anxietal fog has finally lifted. I was back to who I always knew I was. 

Then, bam! It comes rushing back. I suddenly realized it was the Omega 3, and stopped completely, to really test it. I have gotten progressively better over the past week, but yesterday and today I got hit with another wave of it. I'm definitely getting better, but I'm wondering if anyone can relate to this story. Also, how much longer before my brain finally recovers completely and I don't have to worry about these waves of debilitating panic? It's not everyday, and definitely not all day like it was before.

I knew, even though no one believed me, that this had a physical root. I just knew panic attacks were not part of who I was. I am so glad to have found that something was doing it to me. Apparently Omega 3 can jack up your acetylcholine, which helps some people, but if you already have high acetylcholine, it sends you over the edge. I'm thinking maybe L-tyrosine might help take the acetylcholine down a notch. I'm going to give it a try, but that can also give people anxiety too, so who knows. It's all such a mess, I probably just have to wait for the Omega 3 to be completely out of my system and my brain to re-adapt.

The other thing is, I take a fairly high dose of strong probiotics every day. I had heard they synergize with Omega 3 and it all seemed to actually help my depression. Now, I feel like my brain is spinning. It's definitely better, and it was definitely the Omega 3, but I'm also wondering if I should stop the probiotics as well, or find some that are Histamine and D-Lactate free.

Help please! I literally cannot keep going always being worried I'm about to have a panic attack. One every few months is one thing, I can deal with that. But it was almost everyday for a while. Now that I think I figured it out, it's getting better, but yesterday and today scared me a bit. I just feel like I'm on some low dose of LSD or something. Everything just feels really off and my depression is reading its head again. Depression I can deal with, I always have, no issue, just bite the bullet. But this anxiety, it's all new for me and I do not like it at all."
507,neu,"So I’ve gotten panic attacks before while driving but it’s usually because traffic is too long, bright lights at night, and/or if there’s too many cars around. Usually there’s a rest stop or somewhere close to pull into to calm myself down when this happens. I haven’t had one in a while but last weekend I had a mini anxiety attack but handled it well. 

The reason why I’m venting about this is because this coming weekend I’m going to be traveling on a highway I’ve never been on before. This highway is usually not busy however, it’s just a straight highway of nothing. There’s maybe 2 or 3 rest stops within the 2 hour drive I’m making. 

I’m scared because what if I have a panic attack and something goes wrong and I can’t get the help I need or pull into a safe place to calm myself down. I know I’m really overthinking it but I just get so nervous being in really dead/secluded roads/places. 

Does anyone recommend any exercises before the drive and/or things to help me stay calm while I’m driving?"
508,neu,Lately i find myself waking up anxious my heart starts going fast and get clammy. I'll be sleeping not dreaming or thinking of anything and wake up with feeling. After that I just sit up in bed try to calm myself down mentally. I'm afraid one day I can't control it and I'm not one who takes meds either.
509,neu,I am having a really bad panic attack and can’t calm down. I feel like I am having a heart attack and am freaking out. I tried going on walk but I couldn’t calm down. I just want it to stop.
510,neu,Last night I was having a pretty bad panic attack and I noticed whenever it would get extreme my tongue would get extremely pale and discoloured and at similar times my toenails would also look slightly discoloured. None of this lasted for long and when I tried to relax myself/calm down the discolouration went away. feel like it is also important to add that when I do have a panic attack my main symptom is laboured breathing that can feel severe in some cases. Anyone else experience the same thing? Is it a cause for concern?
511,neu,"I have panic attacks regularly. Not everyday, but often enough that I live in fear of the next one. They don't seem to have any particular trigger but when they do hit, they're unbearable. Sometimes I get one after the other. I dread going to sleep because I know that I'll likely wake up in the middle of an attack. Or that one will set in after I wake up in the morning.

I'm finding that the anxiety and dread of having an attack is almost as bad as the panic itself. Does anyone have any tips on how to get o"
512,neu,"Just wanted some support for the people who have gone through some periods of depersonalization or derealization. Almost my whole day I feel like I'm in a fog, like my body and mind are working separately. I panic thinking I'm going to have a stroke or something horrific and I can't do anything but sit and suffer. Can anyone relate to this?"
513,neu,"From having this hell revisit me and deciding to check it self in to my body and mind back in July, July 22 to be exact. I slowly started losing myself my grip to work I had a pretty labored job my ability to drive and just be around my love ones my ability to do my day-to-day exercises from going to the gym to lift him one and threading pipe ( I worked at the Home Depot) I am in the process of seeing cardiologist  pulmonologistneurologist Hematologist due to blood clots in the past six years to be exact and they were provoked from a surgery. let me get back to thisIt all started back in July I felt  myself funny Add experience an episode that I have an experienced in years I believe that’s what you guys call a panic attack I didn’t think of it much I went home after doing what I was doing which wasn’t much I had dinner with a friend and went to go look at some records as the days went on I started losing sleep my breath  became shorter I couldn’t sleep I tossed and turned and my mind was somewhere else it was not with me everything felt so clouded I could not  conversant as much I couldn’t work the way that I would I still push to do exercise my gym routine’s but I noticed that my chest pains were getting worse but my breathing was getting worse then I started getting dizziness and within a snap of a finger I fell I fought  for about a week But as much as I journaled as much as I prayed as much as I meditated as much as I went about doing  relaxing activities as much as I exercised within that week by the next week I fell. I ended up in the ER on a Sunday I was at verge of passing out I couldn’t catch my breath and due to my prior blood clots a pulmonary embolism from six years ago provoked from knee surgery I rushed to the ER I left the ER two days later and they did so many test they monitored  my heart My breathing they did a CT scan they did an echo of my heart all sorts of bloodwork and they couldn’t find me an answer now I had went down this road back in 2015 I believe my pulmonary embolism was in 2013 but I’m 2015 I had the same symptoms but this time no PE It’s 2019 I don’t believe I was experiencing too much of a stressful life same symptoms came back I was certain I was at urgent death after about 89 ER trips and multiple CT scans bloodwork ultrasounds it was an eight poin it’s 2019 I don’t believe I was experiencing too much of a stressful life same symptoms came back I was certain I was at urgent death after about 89 ER trips and multiple CT scans bloodwork ultrasounds it wasn’t a PE. I have lost five months of my life trying to figure this out it is so hard to just roll it off his anxiety and panic disorder but what helps is that in the past five months I might’ve had two weeks not all together of course but let’s say we add up the days , it would accumulate to two weeks of OK days good days. No I told myself if I had a severe disease it wouldn’t take breaks if I had heart problems which to this day I believe I do If I had a pulmonary embolism it wouldn’t have just disappeared on its own would  it? The only reason why I’m still doubting this is because of days like this I wake up and I can’t catch my breath I’ve been waking up with my heart rate in the 120s and 130s and I don’t feel anxious I had noticed that with any sort of lifting or walking too much or any exercise at all let’s say some push-ups my sentence with a increased  and get worse My body tremors tend to be on controllable and I get multiple panic attacks throughout the day with exercise it becomes worse everything becomes worse and I suffer a lot more than usual now or if it was just anxiety wouldn’t the exercise just help? It’s been a hell of a month I checked myself in last month to a mental hospital they couldn’t keep me much longer because they weren’t a medical/mental They were just pure mental and since I had chest pains I couldn’t be admit it I’m coming out this with all aspects rolling out everything that could be wrong with me.therapyAntidepressants mindfulness meditation exposure therapy is a big one for me watching what I eat drinking enough water Not letting this hell just take control of my life but I have been feeling hopeless it’s been five months and I see people my age 26 living their lives working school friends it’s truly depressing life is just passing me bye thank you guys for reading"
514,neu,"If so, was it prescribed? How often do you take it?

I am dealing with horrible anxiety every night and most nights they lead to bad panic attacks.

How has your experience been with this med?"
515,neu,"I had, what I think is, my first panic attack in October of this year. What triggered it was a bee sting I got on my school's tennis court during tennis practice. Last year I got stung by 2 wasps while visiting the forest and I've been pretty defensive around them ever since. After I got stung by the bee I had to sit down because I was a little frazzled and I started having trouble breathing. 

Maybe after 5 minutes my arms started to feel numb and I began to panic because I thought that I was having an allergic reaction even though I got stung by my collarbone. So my coach came over and called my mom to come pick me up and I was just losing it. 

It was really weird because I've never lost control of my emotions like that so I was scared of my very pessimistic thoughts of potentially dying. It was also uncomfortably hot so that didn't help. So my mom arrived at the courts about 10 minutes later (she was doing something out in town and rushed over as soon as she could) and I just lost it.

I was like ""mom, I need to go to the ER because I think I'm having an allergic reaction to a bee sting."" And I've seen my mom scared before, but I've never seen her scared for me like that so I was like oh my gosh, this is serious. So she, my sister, and my friend help me up and my legs are so shaky.

So we begin walking to my mom's car and it's the most awful experience. I have to lean and grip onto my mom (who's considerably shorter than me) and walk slow because I'm scared that I'll trip over my feet because my legs are just jelly. We (my sister and friend stay at the courts) arrive at the ER maybe 2 or 3 minutes later and it just hits me that I'm going to the ER.

I'm like this could end up being really bad man, like I don't know how this night is going to end up and it was really scary. So me, my mom, and my brother (he drove with my mom to the courts) walk into the ER. 

My mom goes up to the counter and asks the lady if I can get a doctor to look at me because I might be having an allergic reaction to a bee sting and the lady says that we need to wait because all the doctors are busy (we have a small ER, I think I saw maybe 4 ""rooms"" while I was there).

So around 30 minutes pass (maybe it was 20 or 25, I can't remember all that happened at the ER very well) and I'm sitting in this chair and I'm just feeling awful. My arm has been numb since I got there and my breathing was all over the place. I would also get a sharp pain every once in a while to remind me of the bee sting.

At some point I feel someone sit next to me and it's my dad and he's like how are you doing and the doctor is gonna be here soon. And normally I would tell him I'm fine, but I was like ""I'm not doing good. I don't know what's happening."" And I start crying again (I cried after the sting, but I like bawled when I saw my mom come pick me up) and I just felt gross.

I didn't know what was going on and it seems like time didn't work properly while I was there. Like as I'm recalling the events in the ER, I can only pick up small pieces of what happened before I went into the doctor's room. So flashforward maybe 10 minutes and I'm leaning back into the chair I'm sitting in when my dad tells me to look up.

I lean up and look across from me and I see my coach (not the one who called my mom, but my coach I worked with regularly- we had switched coaches that day). I'm completely surprised because I didn't even think he knew that I was there and looking back on it now I'm so blessed that he came because it means so much. 

So Coach asks how long I had been there and I said maybe around 30 or 40 minutes. I guess he tells me something about having to be assertive around there to get what you want. So a couple minutes pass and somehow my dad ended up doing something to get the doctor's attention (I don't want to say exactly what it was). And then suddenly my entire right arm begins to seize up and I can't feel anything in it.

So I'm sinking down into my chair, crying, asking my coach to get a nurse when a cop comes over in blue gloves and asks me to squeeze his finger. And I'm crying and freaking out, my hearing is muffled, and I'm just repeating ""I can't feel my arm"" over and over.

Somehow, after all of that I get into a room and they take my blood pressure and then after an hour I go home. They give me medication for the bee sting and my mom and I leave (my dad had to leave for a reason I can't say- he's not in trouble). My coach had stayed as long as he could so thank you for that too :)

It's been about 2 months since it happened and a lot has changed for me because of it. My family has never really been huge on talking about mental health so it was a little scary to bring up, but my parents have been so supportive about it.  

But I've always felt like the whole episode was such a huge burden on everyone. For my coaches, my parents, the hospital staff, and my siblings. I question whether or not my trip to the ER was justified because it turned out to not be me having an allergic reaction. 

So my first question is this: Is it normal to feel guilty about having a panic attack?
My second: Is it common to have more panic attacks after having one?
Thank you to whoever reads this and those who choose to answer my questions"
516,neu,I'm just curious how you all feel after a panic attack? I had my first really bad on last night and another tonight. I was almost tempted to go to the ER because I thought I was dying or having a heart attack.. anyways I'm feeling kinda drained and tired. I can't focus and feel Spacey.. is this normal? How do you usually feel.?
517,neu,"I've been having panic attacks (both big and small) for about six months now. I've done everything to try and stop them (meditation, medication, cutting my caffeine and alcohol use, self-reassurance) but nothing seems to make them go away. It's gotten to the point where I'm afraid of my own body, and that's what triggers them. For instance, I *always* feel as if I'm having a stroke (I'm a young woman with low blood pressure so my chances of that are highly unlikely but still). I will stretch my neck or nod my head quickly to de-congest it and I will immediately assume I've torn an artery and will go into panic mode (which feels very similar to a stroke, in the sense that my body goes numb and I get momentarily dizzy). One time I thought I electrocuted myself and had a panic attack thinking it was a heart attack. This is happening way too often, and even though ""big attacks"" are few and far between, I can't stand having a mini attack every other night. What should I do?"
518,compound,Has anyone tried cold showers as shock therapy? I've found for me it slows my heart beat considerably and has a relaxing effect.
519,neu,"Can you tell me if this is a panic attack .

I was on the train and it's was extremely busy. I began to sweat heavily, become dizzy , feel sick and short of breath and my heart was racing faster than I have ever had ."
520,neu,"Hello everyone, I'm sorry if this isn't the right place to ask this but it's been freaking me out ever since it happened and I wanted other people's opinion.

So I'll start off with the elephant in the room and the reason why my doctor just brushed it off the second I was taken in. I live in Canada and I'm 32. Everything happened on the 30th of September,around 1AM from what I'm told. So that evening around 6, I took about 50ml of Canabis Oil (legal in canada). I'm not a frequent user of the stuff and I wanted to try and relax since I'm a very nervous person. The couple of times I took some was 10-15ML max.

Now this is the part where everyone thinks is just a panic attack because I describe the feelings in a weird way, but I've never felt anything like what happened that night so I will try to explain it the way I felt it.

I went to bed around 10 and felt a bit sluggish but nothing super weird. I fell asleep almost instantly which was weird and at 1am(I learned the time after from my girlfriend) I was in the middle of a dream and I remember being woken up because I ''felt'' a Pop (think a wine bottle) in my mind...now I know this sounds stupid but it felt like something popped inside my head and I woke up in panic. 

When I woke up, I felt disoriented,confused and panicked. I asked my girlfriend to wake up and help me because I felt something was wrong. She told me to go back to sleep as I tend to have night terrors. I told her this wasn't it and she woke up with me. I told her something felt off and I was scared that I was having a stroke or something and to call the ambulance. She gave me my cellphone to call and she went to lock our dog in it's cage and unlock the door.

Now I have no Idea how long everything lasted because I was in a daze but I know that I called 911 and they told me someone was on their way and then they hung up. After which I called my parents to tell them I love them.

While they were on the line I had to lie down because I felt too weak to stay sitting up on the bed. I had this huge headache and I felt the left side of my face become super heavy. Eventually (now I'm going to describe things as I felt them) This weight started feeling ''wet'' and ''dark'' and it felt as if it was slowly creepy through my whole body and it made it difficult for me to move but I was still able to talk. My girlfriend was now sitting next to me and rubbing my shoulder and telling me that everything was going to be ok while my parents were on speaker phone saying the same. After a certain time this ''wet darkness'' felt like it had covered me completely and I remember telling everyone ''there it is'' and then I remember not feeling my girlfriend's hand on my shoulder, not hearing anything around me and just feeling like I was surrounded by darkness.

After some time (I have no idea if it's seconds or minutes as it felt both super long and a snap of a finger) it felt as if I took in a deep breath of air and the ''darkness'' just washed over me and I was able to sit up. While I was sitting up in my bed the paramedics came inside and came to my side. I sat there naked (which I'm usually very shy and conscientious) and they asked me what had happened. I remember starting the story by telling them I had taken the Cannabis. They scoffed and told me that was the reason I felt the way I did and they were wasting their time. The started plugging suction cups on my chest and shoulders and I remember them telling me it was a waste because if it was a heart attack or a stroke I would be dead by now anyways.

They told me the heart monitor showed nothing and told me I had 2 choices: I could sleep off my buzz or I could waste their time and my money by taking a ambulance to the nearest hospital but that if I did they would not mark it as urgent. I insisted on taking the ambulance and my girlfriend helped me get dressed while they got the stretcher out of the ambulance. I remember feeling super weak and disoriented and stumbling all the way out. I sat down in the stretcher and I felt like I was falling in and out of it. While I was in the ambulance, I felt a weird tingling in the back of my head. The best way I could compare it is like when you fall asleep on your arm or leg or something and you feel the blood rushing back into it.

When I arrived at the hospital, the ambulance driver told the person in the emergency that I was there because I tried some stupid pot mix and was just having a bad trip and they left me alone in a corridor while my girlfriend and parents filled out the paperwork. Eventually, I was able to talk to my girlfriend and ask her if she saw my face look weird or if she felt me get out of it and she told me that nothing of that happened and that I was just lying in bed while my heart beat really fast.

Eventually I was able to see the emergency doctor and tell her what had happen to me. She asked me to squeeze her finger with each of my hands, asked me to touch my nose with my eyes closed and then took a wet ones wipe, scratched the paper in my face and asked me if I could feel it, then put the wet paper in my hand and asked again if I could feel it. I said yes to all of these and she told me I just had a panic attack and to get a good night's sleep and go back home.

I went back home and tried to sleep, but the second I started drifting off I felt like a shock go through my body and it kept me awake. That morning I stayed home and was extremely tired and felt weak. I had a hard time even walking up a couple of stairs without being short of breath and I still felt like I was experiencing everything from a 3rd person perspective and I was still dazed and confused.

Around 2PM that day I started to have a headache again and I started panicking so I called my parents and asked them to take me to the hospital again. There they gave me 2 tylenols and made me wait 22 hours in the waiting room before telling me they were going to do a MRI on me with a Iodine(I believe) drip. 2 hours after the MRI I was told that only a specialised doctor could give me the results and that the doctors in ER can't give out this info. 

4 Hours later I'm called back in the emergency room and greeted by a nurse that tells me I just have anxiety and panic attacks and gives me something to help me sleep and sends me back home.

It took close to a week and a half for me to stop being confused and short of breath and I've been terrorised of sleeping and waking up in panic attacks ever since, but never anything close to what I felt that night. I usually just wake up and feel like I'm in danger. I start shaking,my heart beats fast and I lay awake for the rest of the night. I don't feel confused, nor do I feel this ''creeping darkness''.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

The logical side of me tells me this is all just panic attacks mixed in with anxiety and fear. And logicly I tell myself that I passed a MRI and they didn't see anything, but for some reason I keep telling myself that there's more to this and that I'm in danger. 

&amp;#x200B;

Has anyone ever felt anything similar to this and if so what helped everything pass?

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR Took legal canabis oil and woke up to the feeling of a pop in my head and thought I had a stroke. Hospital said it's a panic attack but I don't feel like it is. Help please."
521,compound,"First time posting here, hope I’m doing this right. I’m 21 yrs old, and I would want to say that I’ve been dealing with anxiety for a little over a year already. It’s started with feeling with chest pains and my heart racing but I didn’t too much attention to it at first. Until one day where I completely felt like my body was shutting down. Starting from head to toe I was feeling numb and then my chest got really heavy and I felt like someone was gripping my stomach, my throat also felt like it was closing up. It was hard to breathe. Ended up going to the hospital soon enough. Ever since then I’ve been dealing with it most of the time, there’s periods of time where I don’t even deal with them but they come back. But most of the time i just experience palpations and dizziness; but every here and then I do experience it the way I explained and it just sucks. Is there any way I can cope with it a better way? Anything can help. Thank you"
522,neu,
523,neu,"I am 16 and I have had daily panick atacks for the past two weeks,today I have the biggest one I have ever had,any tips?
So,I am 16 years old,and I have been to the medic,he said that I am fine,but I kept getting panick attacks,my heart keeps stabbing me from time to time(90% of the time it's at night,and thanks to it,I also can't sleep)
I live with my aunt,as my parents are in my homecountry.
I also work out very often and I am active. But this happens every night,idk what triggers it,it drives me nuts,I just sit scared,hoping it is not a heart problem,shaking,and can't fall asleep,any tips?
Sorry for any mistakes/bad formating,I am ultra tired and idk what I should do."
524,neu,"I hate it I hate it I hate it. I feel so bad, I feel like I’m going to die and I’m not scared of that anymore, life scares me more than death now and I wish I wouldn’t feel like this for the rest of my life. I can’t see hope, I just want to have the feeling of butterflies in my belly without having a full breakdown. I hate it, I hate myself."
525,neu,"TW: childhood trauma
So I’ve had this strange thing happen to me for years and I’m wondering if anyone else has ever experienced something similar. Sometimes, when I’m putting clothes on, I have this sudden intense feeling of panic that feels like I suddenly just need to scream in terror (best way I can describe it). It really only happens when I change into something maybe a little more revealing such as a short skirt or a low cut shirt. I have a history of childhood trauma and that’s all the info I’m comfortable sharing. Whenever it happens, I normally immediately turn for a pillow or blanket or article of clothing nearby and scream into it and I’ll feel better after a few moments and be able to continue dressing and going about my day. Has anyone else experienced something like this? :("
526,neu,So I had a really bad panic attack the other day and was shaking so bad I collapsed and hit my head on the ground. Don’t know if I’m overthinking it or not but ever since then I’ve had a really bad headache. Do I go in or am I just overthinking?
527,neu,"Stuck in Texas, sick, anyone know how to find a decent hotel for long me it’s that has security, DONT want any theft of my parked car"
528,neu,"So I was up drinking my coffee and all of sudden I felt really annoyed and angry and then I had a panic attack. Took some CBD to calm down , but I'm still a little on edge. I hate panic attacks so much."
529,neu,
530,neu,"I'm a 41 year old male who suffered from panic disorder and hypochondria my whole life I'm also a gym goer who goes 6 days a week since I'm 20 and eat healthy. I have not had a panic attack in 2 years. However last night I felt a slight pain in the left side of my chest under my arm. This sort of forced me to think ""oh shit"". Then i started putting my hand over my chest. Then I said ""well my left arm isnt numb"" which in turn made me think my arm was going numb. It felt just like a panic attack but there was no cognitive distress before the attack. Anyway I eventually told my wife who put her arms around me to calm me down and told me it was ok I was having a panic attack. This worked and within 15 minutes of it starting I felt completely normal. 

This morning I woke up at 4am and went to the gym. I did back so it was heavy then I did abs followed by 30 mins of cardio which is speed walking (4.0 incline 4.0 speed) I felt fine. No pain no discomfort. I went ahead and made a appointment with my doctor for Saturday bc I cant miss work. My resting heart rate this morning was 60bpm. An Hour after cardio it was 67 bpm and right now its 64 bpm. I know nobody can diagnose me but I was wondering if someone could give me a professional opinion as to weather this was likely another panic attack or something more nefarious
 
Thanks in advance"
531,compound,"The frustrating thing about this Reddit page and I can relate to almost no one.

My panic attacks are completely different than the ones people describe, which makes me worried that they’re not panic attacks at all.

First of all, they’re not attacks. It’s not like it suddenly comes on with the indication of increased heart rate, chest pains, etc. It’s more like my symptoms are occurring at a baseline level all day long, every day. Sometimes they feel worse throughout the day, but they’re always there.

Second of all, my symptoms are different. I don’t get increased heart rate, I don’t get chest pains, I don’t get tremors, I don’t get the feeling of my throat closing, I don’t get headaches. I only experience these symptoms: 

-legs, specifically my shins, feel unsteady (but they’re not), and it feels like there’s a disconnect between my brain and my shins, like neurons aren’t firing properly, and there’s a loss of signal to my legs. They just feel strange. Not numb, but just weak. And rigid.

-there’s a strong pressure in my head. It feels like someone is gripping my head tightly. 

-chronic dizziness. It’s literally 24/7. 

-cogwheel rigidity/stiffness. 24/7. So for a few months now all of my limbs, my core, neck, back, ankles, and wrists have been incredibly stiff. When I move or bend any part of my body it feels like they are moving through cogs, rather than moving smoothly. 


Does anyone experience these symptoms ?"
532,neu,"On dec 5th I was supposed to have 3 final exams. I take 50mg Mydayis (extended release amphetamine dextroamphetamine) and have been on it with no issues for about 2 years. After waking up that morning, I made coffee and sat down to study. I realized I wasn’t focusing well and couldn’t remember taking my ADD med when I woke up. I took one and then questioned whether or not I already took one. About half an hour after taking that pill, I could see my shirt vibrating my heart was beating so hard. My chest hurt, my pulse was super high, I couldn’t get enough air, and then tingling started in my lips. The tingling spread throughout my whole face and my extremities. I stood up to get my phone and the dizziness was overwhelming. I passed out several times and occasional flashes of light overtook my vision. My whole body was tremoring as well. I can’t afford an ambulance so I waited an hour for my fiancé to leave work and bring me to the ER. He left work right away and stayed on the phone with me the whole commute. He is my rock. At the hospital they triaged me immediately. I had tachycardia and palpitations and my oxygen level was low. I was monitored and had tests done to rule out cerebrovascular accident, myocardial infarction, or pulmonary embolism. After several hours I was well enough to walk on my own and go home. The report was likely accidental overdose. The next day I began having the same symptoms despite the drug being out of my system (I skipped my meds that day to be sure my heart was okay). I then realized it may be anxiety. I’ve had anxiety attacks, but never a panic attack. My primary prescribed 6- .25 mg Xanax to use until I could get ahold of my psychiatrist. As soon as the Xanax wears off the panic attack starts right back up again. Last night .25mg didn’t stop it and I had to take one extra (.5 mg total), and the same thing happened today. I only have a prescription for .25mg Xanax twice a day. I called my psychiatrist to ask for advice and a possible increase to .5 mg twice a day. I don’t want to run out prematurely by taking twice what was prescribed and needed something to help for when the dose I took wears off. She prescribed buspar which is supposed to take at least a week to have any beneficial effects and refused to increase it. I don’t want to end up in the hospital again and I also don’t think I’m being unreasonable about dosage. A 1mg total Xanax per day to be able to function seems reasonable. The plan is to be on Xanax short term which I think is why she refused, but how am I supposed to do anything to solve this panic issue if I can’t stop these constant severe panic attacks? Is it reasonable to be on .5mg twice a day, or am I being unreasonable? And does anyone know why it would be such a sudden onset? Does anyone else have nonstop panic attacks without meds?"
533,neu,Does anyone else think they’re just losing there mind and going crazy during a panic attack? Like afraid they’ll do something just crazy?
534,neu,"I've been dealing with them for around 10 years, they are usually about saying hurtful things to someone or actually hurting someone physically and it causes me a lot of anxiety, guilt and hate to myself. Fortunately it has become more easier, I don't get way too alarmed for those thoughts and try to just let them pass by but I still have them :( and I hate it so much, because I really don't see or feel myself as a person that would hurt another one, I even most of the time give way too much to others, I like to be caring and make feel better to the people I love so it just feels so out of place to have these thoughts.

I think that probably the reason behind them could be my abusive father and people telling me when I was a kid that I was going to be just like him. I just wish I could remove all those thoughts from my mind. Have you deal with this? I have read many times that in anxiety/panic disorders is very common to have intrusive thoughts."
535,neu,"My husband is an amazing man who makes me happier than I ever thought possible. We encourage each other in everything we do and overall it's smooth sailing because we are just smitten by each other all the time. However, every few months I have debilitating panic attacks which cause CHAOS. It usually starts with me feeling worthless and stupid and it's often brought on by feelings of guilt rooted in childhood. I end up hitting myself in the head and it feels like it's not even my decision, it just happens. Then, I end up crying and getting hysterical because I can't believe I've hit myself. I get so upset with myself that I want to hit myself again. It takes every ounce of my focus and will power to fight through this loop. It's a mental battle that is very hard to explain unless you've been there. My husband (has Asperger's) does not understand it and his first reaction is to get pissed off. He immediately launches into dialogue like ""I can't believe you're doing this again, grow up"" or ""you're acting like a child, look at you"" or ""this is so stupid, calm down.. this is so dramatic"" and standing in aggressive stances which only make me feel worse and worse about myself and makes me want to hit myself more. It always ends up the same.. he gives fuel to the fire instead of giving me the space to extinguish it and ends up being so verbally aggressive that I feel incredibly small and insignificant and just want to disappear. He just doesn't stop telling me all the ways I'm being stupid for having a panic attack. I end up hitting myself again. It's horrifying and I just need love. Instead he grabs my hands to stop me hitting myself and usually drags me away and I feel less than human. Cycle repeats and I can't breathe.. it's hell. Usually I end up saying something like ""please leave me alone, this is torture"" and he clings to those words as if I said something terribly wrong and all the focus should be on that one thing I said that offended him. And that everything he said was perfectly okay given the circumstance. I've begged him a dozen times to please show me some compassion in these moments and they will never escalate to this level. At the very least, some space. He just can't.. he pushes me so far. Even if I try to enter another room or cover my ears he won't physically let me. He does the same thing every time. It is causing us so much damage to an otherwise perfectly happy and healthy marriage and I'm devastated. Especially when he mentioned divorce. Does anyone have any tips or advice? Or can you relate? As you can imagine my self esteem is deteriorating."
536,compound,"Suddently, out of nowhere my hearts starts beating really fast and im starting to feel like im scared of something but dont know of what...
Everything is ok with my breath, but the fear and the fast heart beat, does it count as a panic? If so then what should I do? I calmed down a few minutes ago and know i feel better, but incase if something like this happens again i wanna know what to do."
537,neu,"I've had mini panic attack before but they were nothing serious but last night I had an insane panic attack and I had to call the emergencies. They helped me calm down but after they left I'm starting to feel another one coming in. I'm scared and I feel something bad is gonna happen again. Are they're any solutions/tips I can learn to calm down? Sorry, about bad grammar I'm just too overwhelmed with this situation."
538,compound,"So a little background, these have been going on for about 3 months now. I've always struggled with a bit of cycling mania/depression, but never really had panic attacks, just stress that led to depression.   


It started I had to work on a saturday to I took a 5hr energy. Now, I've taken pre-workout off and on for about 10 years. That night, gf and I decided to unwind with some whiskey and hot cocoa, can't stress enough that it was like 1 shot's worth, and I'm like 6'8 and 250 pounds so that's not gonna kill me. Right around the point where I should be unwinding with the warm tasty beverage, it was like everything in my body calmed down \*except\* my heart. It started beating like it was going to explode, my heart rate skyrocketed, and my heart was beating so hard it felt like I was getting hit in the back with a sledgehammer. 

&amp;#x200B;

I should point out here that there are ZERO mental symptoms associated with these, other than worrying about the panic attack itself (when will I calm down, when will this go away kinda things). I'm literally the ""this is fine"" meme, where my brain is okay but my body's freaking out. So I cut out energy drinks and the week of Thanksgiving we had another nightcap. Laying in bed I got freezing cold and all of a sudden started trembling. Like shoulders, legs, everything shivering. I took a hot shower and counted backwards from 100 and eventually I was alright.   


Okay, so apparently at 30 I'm having horrible reactions to alcohol \*and\* energy drinks. Cut both things out. Great. A week ago we're laying in bed and I put my arm around her and sorta lay on my side. I feel my heartbeat in my ear, like you do when you're laying on a pillow. Felt the infamous ""oh fuck"" moment, my adrenal glands kick on, and I'm trembling again. Same thing happened last night.  


Here's where I need help with coping or anything you can help with. I'm now afraid to go to bed. I've cut everything out of my life that's even remotely unhealthy, and I still had a panic attack last night. I don't want it to be self-fulfilling prophecy where I'm worried about having a panic attack and that causes a panic attack, even thought literally everything else is fine. I'm healthy, in shape, and feel fine 23 hours out of the day. Then this happens.   


Sorry for the long post, thanks for reading. This is just scaring the hell out of me and I feel super alone because, like I said, I'm perfectly healthy otherwise so most of the advice I get is just to not think about it, which we all know is impossible. Anyway I'll stop rambling."
539,neu,"Ive been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for about 2 years now. It started after a 2 close friends of mine died within a 3 month spans but they havevnt been this bad...
2 weekends ago i drank like 3 days in a row and on the 3rd day, in the midst of me drinking i started to have a really bad panic attack. And it was like off and on the whole night and it went on for like 3 days.  They went away and fast forward a week me and my gf had sex and next thing i know i feel it coming again. Its weird its like off and on they’ll last for like 10-15 mins then i try to get my mind right and say dont worry you’re not gonna die, but even then sometimes that doesn’t work because it feels more physical than mental... 
These panic attacks are killing me. its  like i feel weak, i feel dizzy, mind starts racing, feels like im gonna collapse, feel nauseous kinda, this is horrible. 

Idk what im tryna get at maybe just to see if anyone else feels this or experiences this. /: 


I kinda wanna just go to the doctors to cancel things out but ive done it so many times in the past im gonna be embarrassed"
540,neu,"Sorry, just gotta rant here. Had a pretty nasty attack while driving right now. Wouldn't have been so bad if it weren't for having passengers- especially one of them being a kid. Really felt obligated to not uh... abandon them and go speeding for the hospital thinking I'm about to die.

But man, the sensations these attacks create are fucking bananas sometimes, right? The kind of feeling you'd never be able to explain in a million years. Even with the best of training and preparations these attacks get creative! Once you get used to one thing- it does something completely surprising.

Everything from the normal breathing difficulties and chest pain to feeling like, yes, my bladder might explode after I lose vision and have a seizure from thinking about that one creepy image that randomly appeared in my head verifying this is psychosis and nothing is real anymore.

Not really looking for advice or anything- this is nothing new to me- but I like to vent and see I'm not the only one loosing his/her mind."
541,neu,"ok so i literally just had a panic attack but this one confused me. usually, i have really bad anxiety that sort of morphs into a panic attack when it gets to a certain point but this time, it was different. i was just laying in bed, on my phone, and i started feeling my usual symptoms of a panic attack: feeling shaky, shortness of breath, racing heart, hot flashes, and sweating. but this one was different because i wasn’t stressing over anything. even when i realized i was having what seemed to be a panic attack, i just sort of said “oh, ok, i’m having one” to myself and continued on my phone but with the symptoms. i even got out of bed but had to go back soon after because the symptoms were bad. is this “normal” for those with panic disorder? is this even a panic attack at all?"
542,neu,
543,neu,"Hi all. I have PTSD, and I also have panic attacks. I guess to be accurate, most of mine are anxiety attacks that tend to be minor, but every once is while I have a panic attack. Yesterday I had a bad one. I didn't hyperventilate, which was good, but my heart was racing and I felt that impending sense of doom. I felt like I was freezing. This was also the first time I felt numbness around my mouth and chin. I've read that this is normal, and I've been told by a professional that it's normal, but it scared me. 

It's now been about 30 hours since my attack. I still feel out of it and extremely fatigued, but I'm still feeling the numbness, which is scaring me. I've been online nonstop looking at stroke symptoms nonstop. Constantly touching my face. Staring at myself in the mirror trying to convince myself that there is no microscopic drooping.  

I am going to make a doctor's appointment for reassurance, and truth be told, I am not in great health. I plan on changing that as I think feeling unhealthy is a big contributing factor to my anxiety and the worry I am feeling now.  At this point, I think maybe I am exacerbating the symptom by constantly \\ touching it and forcing my mouth to hold smiles for 5 minutes at a time. I am also aware that by constantly thinking about it, I am likely making it worse. I guess what I am hoping is that maybe there are others who have had this symptom that lingered after an attack. 

TL;DR:  I have spots of facial numbness in my left cheek, around my mouth, and by my chin after an attack. Has anyone else experienced this?"
544,neu,"
This week I have had 2 full blown panic attacks. Prior to this I have had experienced anxiety as a pretty common feature of my day to day life and only once had a real panic experience where it peaked within about 10 min. 
These last 2 attacks were not precipitated by any real stress and the only thing about them both was following an alcoholic drink. I don’t drink heavily or regularly and have never had a problem with my headspace after one or two drinks. 
The first time I experienced what I guess was some dissociation (I think?) because a lot of what happened I don’t remember and the whole time is fuzzy and scary and confusing. I kept crying when I tried to remember what happened because I didn’t really know and it scared me. 
The second time was even worse. Heart rate pounding and couldn’t breathe, shaking and scared I had myself convinced THIS IS IT and that I was dying. 

Finding this sub helped me to know others have survived this absolute bullshit feeling. Writing it out makes me feel a little weird. 
I have a hangover of sorts where all my muscles ache and I feel like a person made of jelly and emotions. 

For the experts out there: what helps in the moment for you? Deep breathing felt to make it worse?
How do you get rid of the feeling of being on the edge that seems to linger around after?"
545,neu,I pretty much am just constantly freaking out. I don't work because of it and I'm just home alone all the time. I don't have a car and there's really no where to walk around me. I don't have interest in hobbies. I just feel dead but with constant panic like I'm in isolation and going to lose it. I don't have anyone to turn to. My last advice was go to a temp agency but my hair has been falling out and I don't have professional clothes. I've been seeking medical treatment. Please help reddit.
546,compound,"I want to run and keep running, never turning back. Then maybe I’ll be free. I’ll be free of my thoughts free of everything"
547,neu,https://thiswayup.org.au/how-do-you-feel/panicked/#what-is
548,neu,"Today has been rough I’m not trying to get in conflicts with ppl I just want to be left alone, my neighbor brought over cookies &amp; chocolate milk it was so awkward at the door I just said no thank you &amp; shut the door. I’m so rude...... I just can’t deal with ppl in person if it’s not been pre thought out &amp; what to say or do. Why why why, I’ll be thinking of this for the next 10 years piled on top of all the other awkward moments in my life"
549,neu,"I had a panic attack in June and I’m still in fear of it happening again.

I had to go to the ER.

Since then I’ve stopped drinking, no more thc, no more coffee. I sleep at least 8 hours a night. Overall my life is pretty stress free. I have very few obligations (by design).

I still live in mortal fear of having one. I’ve had maybe 2-3 close calls again.

The ER was so unhelpful part of it is the fact knowing there is nobody that’ll help me. I don’t think I’d bother going back there if I had a real bad one again.

It’s been months. Every time I think I’m over it, I have a little scare and I’m back to square one.

There are no real triggers beyond morbid fear of having an attack"
550,neu,
551,neu,"I’m reading about people about people’s panic attacks when they feel like running or just they feel panic out of the blue.

And I’m starting to doubt that I’m having panic attacks too. Because mine feel like dying. I feel like any second my body’s about to give up. In my head I say goodbye to my loved ones. My head feels heavy and my vision worsens. It feels like being stuck between life and death."
552,neu," Long story short, I left the service about two years ago and that’s when I started getting these attacks out of nowhere when I was home for a little (I don’t believe they’re from anything service related or trauma). They became more severe over the course of about 3 months, which I then brilliantly decided to self medicate with copious amount of alcohol (obviously a part of the problem now) to function. 

A couple weeks ago I finally admitted I had a problem with drinking and my other issues and called a crisis hotline for veterans and have appointments starting next month. I let the fear of these run my life for far to long and I feel dissociated with every day life. I can still blend in but it’s basically just a charade. 

So basically I’m just now facing this head on and am kinda new to the subject of actually dealing with it. I would like to get a head start so I’m not a total mess and showing up buzzed or something to my appointments. Do you have any strategies/tips to keep it under control while I start this journey? Lol. First post and on mobile so I apologize for the format."
553,neu,"I’m 22 years old and I had my first panic attack two months ago. I’ve never had anxiety issues before but I randomly started getting panic attacks when I mix THC and alcohol. I’ve been doing this for a few years and never had problems. Now whenever I drink and decided to smoke, my heart starts beating fast (which is normal when smoking weed) but then I start focusing on it and then I think myself into a panic attack. Idk if I’m actually having one or I just trick myself into having one. It feels like a heart attack and every time it happens I wonder if I’m going to wake up the next morning. I just want to smoke some week without fear of having a panic attack. Any tips?"
554,neu,"Being home alone gives me so much anxiety, especially when I'm feeling a little out of it bc of my anxiety medication (Zoloft). 

Any advice or good thoughts would be greatly appreciated!"
555,neu,
556,neu,"Ok, so long story, I’ve suffered in the past with a very strong anxiety and panic disorder! After therapy and medicines, i got better, and got rid of panic attacks for almost 2 years! 

But lately this year I exaggerated on alcohol and also drugs (mdma) recently i had a really bad panic attack i went to the ER, after that i started to feel bad and had 3 attacks since them, yesterday i had some beers w some friends, and today i had again another episode, is it possible that the alcohol is bringing back the anxiety?"
557,neu,A normal dose. Whenever you have anxiety and or panic attacks. Is it very dangerous to take a sleeping pill??
558,neg,"I drown everytime I have a panic attack.
I drown in my own tears and can't breathe.
Fuck child abuse trauma.Fuck social standarts.
Fuck everything.I feel like a weak,useless human everytime I have an attack."
559,neu,
560,neu,"I’ve been on the verge of panicking so many times this past week. I’m a full time nanny and they recently told me they would be moving in the next month or two out of state. I have plenty of time to try and find another nannying job, but I somehow feel like this is coming at me so fast that I won’t be able to find something. 

I’m also trying to pay down some of my credit card debt, get back into school, and recover my savings. All of this together is keeping me so foggy and on edge. I have had random spurts of crying and shaking that I feel like I’m going to have a full on panic attack any day now. 

I need some help and wisdom to prepare for this and to ease my panic."
561,neu,"every time it happens it feels worse, i feel like i have no support system, and all of the irrational thoughts that come up while i’m in the peak of a panic attack stick around afterward and feel even worse. this has been going on for years and every time i think it’s getting better it gets worse again. will they ever go away?"
562,neu,"The thought of this was spontaneous- and although worked this time- may not always work like that. But it felt good that it did this time. And so well too.

I was starting to go into a rather nasty panic attack. I could tell. In these times a nice hot shower will help ease through it- or stifle it. Beforehand I was doing unhealthy research. You know what I mean. Googling diseases, symptoms, drug interactions and all kinds of hypochondriac shit. I should know better.

Anyway- while in the shower I'm obsessing over my symptoms- wondering whats wrong with me- wondering what might happen- wondering what doctor to go to next. I touch my leg and couldn't feel it. I freaked out, huge shot of adrenaline hit and now im in full blown omg panic.

But something clicked in me. I'm fed up. I'm done. I've been doing this for years now. Like a crazy person- I start yelling at myself- cussing myself out- stuff like ""God damnit- your not fucking dying you idiot- quit thinking about stupid shit and get on with your life for crying out loud.""- then slapping my leg- showing myself I can indeed feel it- and im once again exaggerating everything to the full extent. I told myself this is enough already. I'm done panicking. I'm done worrying. I don't want this anymore.

Sure enough, anger filled in the panic void- taking over. The anger- was easier to let subside and deal with- fading away with no panic leftovers. I essentially- snapped out of my panic attack almost instantly. I thought that was impossible. So I wanted to share my experiment.

I hope this works more often- but  I aint getting my hopes up neither. Anyone have similar experiences to this? Thoughts?"
563,neu,"Got a trip coming up from SF to SD which is like a 2 hr flight and every time I think of boarding the plane I get small panic attacks, where I can’t breathe normally and I feel like my mind is somewhere else.. 

I usually take these trips annually to see my gfs family; so she knows about these panic attacks I get. I feel bad for her cause she always has to deal with me.

Last time we took this trip the flight was delayed 8 hours (holiday travels) and I ended up sitting alone/ not next to her because our flight got cancelled and we had to merge flights with a different plane. So now this is all I think about whenever we got to SD. 

It’s driving me nuts thinking of myself getting panic attacks and I wish they would just go away. 

Sorry this is just a ramble of words and paragraphs , as I’m having an episode now as I write this. Just trying to get myself to do something else for it to go away..."
564,neu,"I have been experiencing frequent panic/anxiety attacks lately and I'm afraid I've developed a panic disorder. I'm a 20 yo Male who grew up with absolutely no anixety or panic symptoms. When I was 19 I started getting random, progressively worse chest pains. As of right now, I experience chest tightness daily, especially laying on my back going to sleep, I have difficulty swallowing and breathing, my face feels like it's about to tremor, and the worst part of all is I feel like I'm going to die or lose control. I'm in great physical shape, no drugs no smoking no alcohol which makes it hard for me to believe this is happening to me. There's times through the middle of the day it feels like my mind or body just woke up, and recent memory becomes foggy. I can't stop thinking about how I grew up perfectly fine, and now I'm plagued with this disease. It feels like my mind Is against me, and that I cant even be myself anymoren without questioning every single thoguht.I've called 911 multiple times and been hospitalized. I'm tired all the time and it takes intense effort to even keep up with personal hygiene. Is this even anxiety?"
565,neu,"I’ve never experienced anything like it before and they’re like, if you just calm down it’ll stop. And I’m like “I’m calm” it’s just a piercing chest pain making me think this is a heart attack, why is that...?"
566,neu,"I'm sick and tired of constantly suffering from impending doom. I almost always feel like something extremely terrible is going to happen or that I'm going to die. It's extremely traumatizing and overwhelming. I feel like I cannot get my life back. I have this nauseous feeling in my chest and have tons of anxiety from life. I suspect my anxiety and impending doom stems from traumatic life events. I have had many terrible events in my life and cannot deal. I just cannot continue to live like this. It is misery. I always think I'm dying and I never get a break. In fact, I feel like this alongside constantly stressing out will kill me one day. What am I supposed to do? I'm so done guys."
567,neu,"I’m having a really bad panic attack. At least I hope that’s all it is. My chest feels heavy and I’m scared if I try and sleep I’ll die.

My brother took his life last week using phentobarbital and I have barely slept since then. Around 2pm today I took a 1mg klonopin (I’m prescribed that daily), and then at 5pm I took 2 50mg tramadols which I’m prescribed but I don’t take often. Now it’s 10:30 and I realized I shouldn’t have mixed them and I feel like I can’t breathe and I’m dying. I don’t think that’s enough medication to kill me, right?"
568,compound,"Hey guys, I just wanted to share with you that I just successfully dodged a panic attack. I was in a crowded supermarket and that plus the anxiety that is skyrocketing today made for a classic panic attack situation. How I did it? Gratefulness. Though I am having a rough time associating with any religion, and I am aware this will not resonate with many of you, I just sincerely thanked God that he would help me overcome this, and it made me feel as if it was out of my hands which gave me a lot of relief. Just thought I'd mention this, even if it helps just one person."
569,neu,"After 3 months I went outside for the first time. Felt panicky but could control myself. I forgot most of the things I did which is normal. By thinking „oh yes I don’t have panic and anxiety anymore“ I get panicky. I just realized you need to not think about it. How? Idk yet but I hope I will find the solution haha 

Keep going everyone"
570,neu,For some reason my anxiety/panic attacks come onset while I sleep. I'm not even dreaming which is worse part. My heart starts to race and wake up in panic mode. I try laying there and breathe slowly. When I finally get control I sleep but than I miss alarms and wake up exhausted. 😣
571,compound,"TL;DR: Took meds, did therapy, got a dog. It worked! 


Thought I might up this sub’s number of recovery posts by sharing my journey. 

I started going to EMDR and CBT sessions every week and taking medication (Zoloft and a PRN anti-anxiety med) once my panic attack/anxiety about driving started keeping me from being able to drive to work, go to the grocery store, or get gas (which is maybe a  3 minute drive). 

It’s been about a year and a half since then.  I’ve done all the take home exercises my therapist gave me. Cut out almost all caffeine, stopped smoking weed. Did my exposure exercises, positive affirmations, and meditations. Got an emotional support dog. It all slowly worked. 

I now can drive to my normal places without much thought. Ive added caffeine back into my diet. I’ve cut down on my Zoloft dosage by half, and drove to a friends party a couple days ago. It was almost 30 minutes away, in a place I’ve never been before, out in the boonies (these were all big triggers). I only experienced mild anxiety. 

I’m no where near back to how I was before the panic started, but I’ve adjusted and things are finally COMFORTABLE again. 

There are things my anxiety still keeps me from doing, but it’s all so much easier now. So thanks to everyone on here, for letting me be a long time lurker and showing me I’m not alone."
572,neu,
573,neu,"Fellow panic attack sufferers who menstruate, have you noticed a pattern in your panic attacks and your cycle?

I’ve been tracking mine and so far I’ve noticed that my scariest happen at the end of my PMS which is very interesting. 

I couldn’t find any reliable studies just a few articles stating that anxiety might increase once on period."
574,neu,"The moment I had my first panic attack 5 years ago really changed me for good! I got it under control then (mostly) and learnt some helpful strategies from the psychologist. But also I have been avoiding triggering situations and this is affecting my life. I lost all my carefreeness because before all things I do I always imagine how it could turn out if suddenly a panic attack pops up! (doesnt happen too many times, but the anxiety about it is constant). I used to travel alone - not possible anymore, I wanted to learn how to drive - not possible either, I didnt have too many problems with taking exams - now i take them but struggle a lot more. A dinner date? - i prefer taking a drink and won’t risk vomiting when feeling panicky. I‘m so sad about this constant fear of panic/anxiety attacks and carry this fear with me mostly of the time. so im practically never truly relaxed, always feeling nausea and chest pain around. Lately my anxiety and panic attacks came back full force because of some personal reasons and it makes me so hopeless about a normal future. How will I maintain a job with panic disorder? How will I be a good girlfriend or mum with panic disorder? :( How can I be a functioning adult? — Does anybody feel similar?"
575,neu,"So I just finished my therapy session, at the end my therapist said she was talking to some of her colleagues and they said that more often than not people who have panic disorder have had an incident happen where they either felt like they were going to drown or couldn’t breather for whatever reason (like someone sitting on your chest for example). As soon as she said it I knew what that incident would be for me since something that felt like I may drown happened to me before. 
I’m just curious what other people think about this or if you have any similar memories you can remember from your childhood?"
576,neu,"It’s 2am here and I’ve been wide awake in bed for three hours having panic attacks. I’m supposed to fly 7hrs on Thursday morning to attend a funeral. I tried to do this flight last week but ended up canceling hours before. I thought I could do it this time, but I’m having doubts again. My husband is already frustrated with me ( he’s not going) from the first cancellation  so I’m even more panicky about disappointing him again. He’s been through a lot of this with me already so I’m not mad at him. Going to take a Xanax and zofran now. I feel so awful."
577,neu,"I’ve had anxiety for a little more than 10 years now, and just when I think I’ve kicked it, it comes back. 

I’ve had long spouts where I’d have multiple panic attacks a day, which would go for about eight months or so. I’d learn to control it and help myself out of it, and I’d be great, relieved at thinking I’ve beat it then bam, three months later it’s back again. 

It’s getting progressively worse, and now I’m at the point where I’m having nocturnal anxiety. Panic attacks are happening in my sleep and I’m waking up multiple times a night petrified, and sick. I’m having at least three panic attacks a day too, which is ruining my life. I can’t even have a meal with a friend without losing my mind. 

I’ve seen three psychologists, been prescribed Valium, tried meditation and exercise, cut out alcohol. But it doesn’t matter what I do they won’t go away. 

It’s getting to the point now where I want to quit working and hide in my room alone all day, but I just can’t do that.

Has anyone actually gotten over it? And what have you done to help you get there?"
578,neu,
579,neu,Is anyone available to chat
580,neu,"I have panic disorder. My anxiety has been increasing daily. My doctor prescribed 0.5mg of klonopin.  I took my first pill 2 hours ago. I'm incredibly drowsy, feel sedated, but my anxiety is worse (small panic attacks) and I'm trembling. Has this happened to anyone else?"
581,neu,"My boyfriend had a quite long Episode with really big panic attacks.
I tried to be there for him, but it was/is hard for me. Nothing i did was helpful or it made things even worse according to him.
I had to watch my every word to not trigger anything and this whole Situation stressed me out a lot. I started to have sleeping problems two months ago ( i would wake up at night and i was sweating like crazy), i started to become moody, i was nervous many times and started sweating for no reason. I also lost weight without changing anything about my eating habits.

Last saturday I was grocery shopping. As soon as I was inside of the store, I started to feel nervous again. My heart was pounding, I was shaking and I had a slight buzz in my ears. It was the first time I had a Situation like that and i guess it felt like a panic attack. 

I'm pretty sensitive for the feelings of others and I'm worried that I adapted my boyfriends behaviour during his panic attacks.

Did anyone experience something similar? Is this normal or am I just overreacting? I honestly don't know anymore."
582,neu,"My anxiety/panic as been activated the last month or so. My worst symptom is constant buzzing, tingling, burning through my body. 

I've been sleeping poorly, but last night I didn't sleep at all. Every time my body relaxed I got a small panic attack and was wide awake. I tried taking klonopin,  but it hasn't done anything. 
I
 use CBT and Dare. I am also on celexa. 

Has anyone else ever had a night of no sleep? Any advice? I listened to meditations and hypnosis. But this anxiety is being a pain in the a$$

Thanks for any help. Feeling desperate"
583,neu,I have dental issues that I can't afford and it is giving me a panic attack. I also sinned too much. I have literally no where to turn everyone is sick of me. Please help me. I can't breathe.
584,neu,"i haven’t had an actual panic attack in months. i deal with the anxiety and panic on a daily basis.

i drank with some friends last night (alcohol hasn’t seemed to be a trigger for me, i’ve been doing it since my last PA and i’ve been okay) and went to sleep kinda late. i woke up around 4 this morning and at first i just felt like i had to poop.

so when i got up and went to the bathroom, i got extremely weak and started shaking. i don’t remember my heart pounding or anything, or unless it was a little bit but nothing over the top like it usually does. my chest however was very tight and it felt like i couldn’t get a good breath in. i feel my hands cramping up like they have before in my panic attacks. i go outside to the cold air and try to just breathe. it takes a minute but i’m able to take substantial breaths. then begins the war of feeling 100% better to going back to feeling crummy. my body still felt weak and it took me a long time to go back to sleep.. and then i slept for a long time.

i’m 98% sure it was a panic attack but is there anything else (besides a heart attack) that mimics those symptoms? i had some sweets right before i went to bed but that’s not unusual for me. my SO is also out of town and i don’t like
being by myself but nothing has happened like that."
585,compound,"Hey guys.

 I hope one of you could give me some advice on this. I've been to a clinic today where you can go if you have certain problems like panic attacks f.e and you go there in the morning at like 8am and stay for 6-7 hours. The problem is that besides the panic attacks i also have social anxiety. its not as bad as it was a few years ago but i noticed it a lot today because all the therapy sessions at the clinic are with a group and you are always in a room with other people. After i went home today i was stressed the whole time and had a elevated heart rate until i took ativan. I dont really know if i should go back there or not since i dont know how its supposed to help me if i have a high anxiety level everyday just because of the thought of going there.  What would you do if you were in my situation? Should i keep going or should i maybe start taking some meds like zoloft to lower my general anxiety level before i try to do something like this again?

Hope you guys have some ideas and thanks for reading!"
586,neu,"I had a panic attack at doctor yesterday, not sure what triggered it but afterward I felt gross and bad all day and night. Slept almost 9 hours and I still feel off today. Is it normal? What should I do?"
587,neu,"Hey guys, what are you symptoms of a panic attack? I don’t know if I’m freaking out for nothing but I’ve been good for years now all of a sudden I’m having panic attack after panic attack... my heart races , can’t swallow, get hot , tingly .. my newest symptoms are shaking jaw and hands and legs .. is this normal ?? And lately I’ve been having weird sensations in my jaw. Anyone can relate? I’m worried there might be something else wrong with me when it comes to the weird feeling in jaw or maybe it’s just a symptoms of being stressed from this. Ugh!"
588,neu,"I know I need medication to calm myself. I have a full blown panic attack at least once a month  and feel like I’m on the verge of one almost constantly. I’ve taken every ssri they’ve given me and it always makes me feel crazier. 
I know I need relief but narcotics (Valium, klonopin, Xanax)are the only thing that helps. I’m scared. I don’t want to lean on benzos but at this point I feel it’s life and death. And to top it off I feel like the worlds biggest pussy because I can not control my emotions"
589,compound,"I’ve been suffering only 6 months but it has been almost daily. I have panic attack pretty much daily which feels like I’m dying and then if I’m not having a panic attack I just feel well also like I’m dying just not as quickly. Right now I feel like I can’t breathe and if I sit still for too long then I can feel my heart pounding. When I’m feeling like this my heart rate shoots up faster and higher when I get up to do something or just sitting around. I guess I am mostly just venting and I just don’t understand how it feels like my heart is going crazy either racing, pounding, or having tons of palpitations and the cardiologist is like oh it’s fine you won’t die. How do you just cope with the fact that it can’t hurt you and be sure it won’t."
590,neu,"I'm trying to track my symptoms to see if I can find help. I dont understand. About a week ago I was having panic attacks every night for 2 weeks. Out of the sudden. At around the same time always. Past week has been ok. I've managed to rationalize why my heart rate goes up and sometimes I measure it when I'm not having bad anxiety/panic attacks and see that it's normal so that's helped. I've also started being a little bit more active because I read that if you're too sedentary it can also increase your heart rate more than a person who is a bit active. And I am definitely guilty of being sedentary. Sitting or lying down all day. Alright. So now when I panic I notice is my breathing. Yesterday I had a BAD hyperventilation(?) Panic attack (?) And I felt like I was choking. Out of the sudden. It was horrible. Today I started feeling like that out of the sudden too and started breathing slowly. It was getting too bad but I think I managed a little.

Idk what this is about tbh. It's just horrible."
591,neu,"Took flonaze this morning and a few hours after i started feeling more anxious than normal and now its night and i am feeling even more anxious and uncomfortable and i’m not sure if its the medication or whats happening but i am hoping that someone might have some ideas about how to calm down/alleviate corticosteriod related anxiety? I have felt shakey and on edge all day and it sucks, i just broke down crying because i couldnt handle setting up something to watch and that never happens
Sorry i hope this is an ok place to post this i just cant figure out where i should look"
592,neu,"I felt like I was over having panic attacks. When I first started encountering them I had tonnes and each time thought I was about to die from heart attacks. Finally I got over that period and didn’t have anything happen for months. 

Today on the train completely out of the blue I had that deep gear grip me and my heart started racing like crazy, making me think my heart was about to give out any second. Yup. Panic attacks inexplicably back. Seriously fuck this shit."
593,neu,"I notice I’m more likely to have a panic attack when I haven’t slept enough (7-8 hours).

For me, my head is groggy and my thinking I slower (not speed of thought but I’m not able to string long thoughts together as well, if that make sense).

Being in the above state of not being able to string long thoughts together makes me more apt to fall into a “loop” of panic thoughts.

Anyone else experience the above?"
594,neu,"Does anyone else have a night of back attacks followed by week(s) of constant anxiety? I am barely functioning. Sleep is hard to come by. I've tried my usual tools, CBT, even xanax. Nothing is breaking this cycle. My psychiatrist wants me to stay on my current meds. 

Just need some hope."
595,neu,Omg I coming home and bam that panic attack came walking in it's so scary because u can only think of the worst scenario happening. U can't think properly its debilitating I wanna go back to smoking weed but that's wat caused it smoking those cartridges so much everyday and with too much thc and no cbd so now I been smoking my cbd it helps but I have to smoke alot for it to work I just want things to be normal again. Leave me alone panic attacks please!!!!!
596,neu,"So il like to start with I've had anxiety and panic attacks since I was a kid, somehow I ended up going to a doctor real young and long story short I had a great doctor and helped me a lot, also my mother was a big help. Fast forward to about last year (2018) during Christmas my oldest brother died from a heroin overdose and it sparked it up real bad again. I'm not sure if it was the stress from all that or not but it's 1000% worse now. A little back story about 2 years before my brothers death I was dating a girl I really loved and a lot of stuff happenend and she ended our relationship. It broke my heart. Fast forward a couple months and I meet a kid that got me into hardcore drugs, mostly suboxone but also work aka crack. Now this is where my anxiety gets to me. I was injecting at that time because I was heart broken and honestly didn't care to live anymore I didn't care if I died. So fast forward to a couple months ago, I had a huge panic attack and ended up in the emergency room thinking I was going to have a heart attack. The doctors did a blood test and also some type of xray stuff I think to check my chest and heart. Also I told the doctors I was a IV user which they would have found out either way cause they had a very hard time finding a vein, so everything came back clean and tests went well. I felt okay a few weeks after all this but now I'm. Back to step one. I keep thinking I have a blood clot somewhere in my body and thay I'm going to die any day. On top. Of that I keep having really bad physical pains in my bad and all of my body honestly like some days I can't take it anymore, but I got all the tests done so I'm not sure if it's because I have health anxiety or if something is wrong. For real I can't deal with this anymore I can hardly sleep I'm in a constant state or worry 24/7 . I just want to feel better, my mom and new girlfriend help me when they can but they don't understand what in feeling. It's hard to explain. I just can't get the thought of having a blood clot or a heart attack. Please if anyone can help me at all I would appreciate it so much, or if anyone had/has a similar issue. Also I want to see a doctor about getting some type of anti anxiety medicine but with my past drug abuse I don't want to get addicted to anything again but I can't do this anymore I need some kind of relief and I feel like going back to the hospital might be a waste of time I only went a few months ago. Also I'm. 25 year old male and I have real bad insecurity about my anxiety cause I feel like a pussy. I wouldn't have wish this on my worst enemy it's ruining my life."
597,neu,"Hey there, I know that your head cause any kinds of symptoms which often result in panic attacks. And at the moment I have like a visual defect ? I see sometimes really bright spots in the corners of my vision, sometimes dark shadows that flow through my vision and also black spots in the middle of my view sometimes (also the white floaties that you can see when you look for example in the blue sky are more). Now I’m scared that it’s because of my blood pressure or that I even have a retinal detachment, because - of course - I was dumb enough to google all that. My question now, has that happened to anyone before that you’ve had a visual defect because of panic disorder ? 
(Sry for spelling and wrong words - non native speaker here)"
598,compound,"Im a 16 yr old female and ive have panic attacks/anxiety throughout the past 6 months. Ive experienced depersonalization,dissociation, and derealization. My hands get sweaty/twitch and my sensations delay sometimes. Im on edge majority of the time and I never leave the house like i used to anymore. But things have gotten slightly better. My doctor is recommendong me medication but im scared of taking it. I dont want anything worse happening to me and messing me up, but I also want to get better... Any tips on how to decide if you would like to take medication or any stories from people who started their medication journey?"
599,neu,"Some years ago I used to have these moments I call panic attacks, but idk if they really were panic attacks. I dont remember if there were any physical symptoms, but I used to feel like I was about to 'go through a curtain' and then Id be stuck there forever suffering. Not literally, I'm just trying to describe it. I got really afraid of being imprisoned somewhere and never being able to get out of this suffering again. It lasted for less then a minute, and I never felt like I was really stuck, it was like I was getting closer and closer to falling somewhere, but then I didnt. Although the peak was not even a minute long, I felt like shit for the rest of the day, could barely move. I still get something like it sometimes, but I can stop it before it gets too intense now. Ive been meditating and found some things that take my head off of it. But I get a sense that its going to happen again at least once a week, sometimes more, and calming down takes some time. I also avoid a lot of situations so I wont feel it again.
So, I wanted to know if it's a panick attack or an anxiety attack, or something else; and if someone has had something similar and what you did about it."
600,compound,"My friend has been dealing with what looks like to me , bad panic attacks and she has them all the time. She misses out on half of her classes due to these panic attacks. I personally had never even seen her or anyone have a panic attack (or at least like these) before this week. She will start by just looking down and tensing up her body slightly , which then quickly turns to her falling to her knees putting her head to the ground ,hyperventilating and crying . She will be like that for a few min but after she settles down from that she starts to have these intense muscle twitches or at least that’s what it looks like not sure if that’s all it is because like during them she will stop talking for a few min. Today there were more twitches than the others I’d seen , they would almost come in waves she would tense up most of her body and put her face down but she would start to relax but unlike usual instead of that just being the end today that repeated like at least 4-5 times . She didn’t mention it being more than what she’s used to so I assume she has had some long ones before .
 In these situations (which there’s only been 3 or 4 now) I find it so hard to watch her like that on the ground and do completely nothing , she says she doesn’t want people touching, getting in her face about it, and asking to many questions. I feel like it is impossible that there is nothing to do that can help stop them, is there things I should say or try and do that from experience people know work to help. Does taking the persons mind off it help stop it ? If so what are things that are good for doing that?"
601,neu,"When I’m having anxiety and panic, sometimes my SO, with the best of intentions, tells me that I’m safe and there’s no threat. She’s just being loving and trying to comfort and support me, which I truly appreciate. And she’s right...there is no external threat. 

But there IS. It’s the threat of my own mind, an internal threat...my own mind and body that is making me feel this detestable way: like I’m losing my mind, intense dread of nothing in particular, waves of fear from the most innocuous, random thoughts, etc. I’m scared shitless of my own mind, and that is the real threat. Does anyone else feel this way? How do cope? 

Thanks"
602,neu,"Had a very bad panic attack today first one in a couple months. Rushed to the Urgent Care and vitals were fine (little high BP on first take) and doctor said he’s sure it was anxiety. 

What led up to it is lack of sleep and I’ve been just dizzy and lightheaded every day this week. I was feeling almost “normal” the last couple weeks so this hit me hard and I became anxious about it all week. Finally last night I got nauseas when falling asleep and woke dizzy. As the day went on the anxiety increased and I finally went in. 

Question:
I feel real beat up. Back hurts, legs and arms and chest are weak and heavy. This all normal?

Thanks!"
603,neu,"i’m new here and need some help. let me k ow if you think this was a panic attack. 

just for backstory:Earlier today, two of my friends and I left class early to go to the office to report something. I left my friend in charge of my iPad(we have iPads at my school) while I was gone. When I got back from the office, we were in the middle of doing an activity with our iPads (a kahoot quiz thing) so I asked my friend for it back. She told me that she had accidentally cracked it. I just figured I’d go to the office after school and let them know, given the fact that the iPad still worked.  I logged into the thing we were doing and went along with the class. 

Randomly, while answering one of the questions, I started breathing really hard and my heart was beating too fast. All of my muscles tensed up so I couldn’t move my arms or legs properly and my eyes started going blurry.  My brain was foggy enough that I couldn’t answer the questions properly. I managed to tell my friend (we’ll call her P) « P, im gonna pass out » and then i passed out. P went and got my teacher, who told P to take me to the office. While talking on the phone with my mom from the office, I was sobbing so violently that P thought I was having some kind of asthma attack. I couldn’t stop sobbing even after I got off the phone. My mom told me it was « just a little stress, and probably about the iPad situation »

so i’m wondering, do you think I was freaking out because my friend broke my school iPad, or that it was a panic attack?

(also apologies for any spelling errors-i didn’t proofread)"
604,neu,"Does anyone else get really mild panic attacks? I have really horrible/hyperventilating ones occasionally but mostly I just have these incredibly mild panic attacks that most people cant recognize as a panic attack because I look fine, but I've just gotten so used to it that I can say ""I'm having a panic attack...yes right now. Just give me a minute to see if it passes."" And then I do some deep breaths. Usually it goes away and I go about my day but sometimes it lingers and it's more annoying than anything. Usually it's right before I have/during an appointment. Like I went to the doctor and while I was getting my blood pressure taken I said ""it may be a little high. I'm having a panic attack right now"" and the (for the sake of convenience we'll call him a nurse but he wasnt a nurse) nurse goes ""why?"".....like hell if I know dude! Honestly I kinda prefer the big ones at this point because I feel like the mild ones arent taken seriously and with the big ones I just hyperventilate for a minute and cry for a bit then it's over! But that's just my current opinion on the situation. I'd love to hear what you all think"
605,neu,"I thought I would write this post to help people who are suffering from panic attacks. Like many of you, I suffer from panic attacks and they often leave me debilitated for weeks/months after. It’s a horrible cycle, and fortunately for me, I was able to break that cycle and go 7 entire years without a panic attack and was basically anxiety-free (excluding normal anxiety).   

I’m also here browsing this sub because unfortunately I had a relapse and had my first panic attack in 7 years one month ago :(. The good news is I think I know what triggered it, but more on that later.   

Demographics: 30 male, 1st attack when 20. 

I believe I was able to break free from panic attacks due to a couple of reasons:

1. I figured out what was causing me stress in my life and took monumental steps to fix it. Specifically, I realized I was unhappy with my life, disliked my job, my apartment, my location, and my career path. It was eating me from the inside and I finally decided to do something about it. What I did was decide that in no less than 30 days I would quit my job, move to the city near my friends and family, and start anew. I literally put a calendar up on my wall with a countdown to the day I was leaving. This gave me some new found resolve in life to get a new job and pushed my anxiety at bay. It didn’t cure my panic attacks, but it significantly decreased them. 

2.  I took another huge leap to try and achieve what I thought would be the best career. After moving and completing step 1, less than a year later I quit that job and started my own business. This right here was the ultimate catalyst for removing my unhealthy anxiety and panic attacks. I knew that in order for me to have the life that I wanted, I needed to be self sufficient and have a career that allowed me the ultimate flexibility and self determination. So I took a leap and faith and it did wonders for me. I was so consumed by my entrepreneurial endeavor that my brain literally had no room for thoughts of panic or anxiety, and I was able to continue this for 7 years.    

The point of these two steps was that I took control over my own life completely. I didn’t do these things to get over my anxiety and panic, I did it because I felt like it was the best way to make me happy and give me the life I wanted. I’ve read that one of the hardest things to do in order to overcome anxiety is to fully take control of what you can in your life. It makes sense since panic attacks give you a sense of no control.   

In addition, I found a few other things that really helped me get past my panic attacks and anxiety:   

1. I have a prescription for Xanax, and for the first 4 years I carried two pills on me at all times. I never took the medication, but knowing I had it on me gave me tremendous peace of mind that if I were to have a panic attack I could stop it in it’s tracks.   

2. I get 8-9 hours of sleep every night! This also helped me greatly as I firmly believe our brain does most of its healing while we sleep.    

3.  I started exercising at least 2x a week. This is incredibly important, as I personally find that when I go a long time without exercising my mind starts to get a little anxious. Even more so, exercise helps your brain deal with cumulative stress that is building up. If this stress is not dealt with it will eventually lead to a panic attack and nervous breakdown.   

4.  I very, very, very slowly exposed myself to some of my triggers while I was feeling well. Like many of you, I developed some phobias/triggers after my first panic attack (elevators, airplanes, health concerns, and even some foods/pills). When I was feeling well, I forced myself to confront some of these triggers in a controlled setting to help my brain conquer them. I started taking elevators, but with a backpack full of supplies in case it got stuck. I got on airplanes for short trips. I have a false phobia to peanuts (I believe I’m allergic and will die if I eat them even though I’m not), so I scheduled a food challenge at my doctors office to eat peanuts. Lastly, I am scared and absolutely hate taking medicine, for fear that it will make me feel weird and give me a panic attack. So, I went to a hospital waiting room and took medicine, knowing if anything went wrong I could quickly get help. These techniques eliminated nearly all of my phobias (although I’m still a little scared of peanuts even though my doctor had me eat an entire jar a peanut butter in his office).   

5. I drastically reduced alcohol in my life, and cut out all caffeine for a long time. This helped keep my mind healthy, although I was eventually able to start drinking caffeine again.   

So that’s my story. I hope it helps some of you, and I needed to write it down in order to help myself. You see, I had my first panic attack in 7 years about a month ago, and I’ve been struggling to get back to normal since. I think it was caused by the buildup of cumulative stress that has been building up on me for the past year, some of it extreme. It’s my fault for letting it get out of hand, as I wasn’t dealing with it in a healthy way, and it was getting to the point of getting out of control. It all built up into a monster panic attack that hit me out of the blue one night, and boy it was a several hour long doozy. This past month has been one of the hardest months of my life, but I know there is light at the end of the tunnel. My brain needs healing, and I have to allow it to heal and give it what it needs in order to heal properly.   

This too shall pass. Time heals all wounds."
606,neu,"Okay, I’m having a hectic panic attack. I’ve just started on an anti-depressant and the common side affects indicate your symptoms increase in the first two weeks before the medication works.

I’m trying to do the breathing/meditation thing but that doesn’t work. 

I have my Diazepam to my partner ( who is LD and lives 1.2 hrs away) because I didn’t want to take them and now I’m regretting it. 

What can I do to manage this please?"
607,neu,"Today I had my first, and hopefully last panic attack. It hurt so much I thought I was having a heart attack, the doctor said everything was fine, I've never felt so sure I was about to die, for a full 30-40 minutes I was in severe pain, even the morning after I felt drained of energy and couldn't catch my breath.

&amp;#x200B;

Are there any future precautions I should take to assure this doesn't happen again?"
608,neu,"So, a little background. My mom is the only one who works. My dad cannot because he is disabled and when he tries, he has panic attacks at work so it’s best for his health if he doesn’t. I am a college student in my 5th year. This semester, financial aid really fucked me over. At the beginning of every semester when I receive my refund from financial aid, I always put money aside to make sure that I will have rent and bills for 6 months. This semester I couldn’t do that cus I wasn’t able to receive the usual amount I get due to unforeseen circumstances. So for January, I have no money in my savings. 

The panic is really starting to settle in that I’m broke and I don’t know how I’m supposed to pay for this. I hate asking my family for money cus it literally makes me sick. I owe so much money in other things for school like organizations that I’m in and to my boyfriends mom cus she helps me out a lot and I’m just terrified right now. I feel sick to my stomach with the amount of anxiety I have. 

I’m not asking for handouts or anything. I just came here to vent a little and ask for tips on how to rid myself of this feeling. I’m so scared of the next few weeks. I can’t enjoy this break from school at all. I hate feeling this way. I hate that money controls everything. I hate that it’s literally the one thing I can’t stop thinking about when I’m awake."
609,neu,"I was working out and after my workout my heart rate was racing.  I had a good workout.  I’m a big hypochondriac and I began to feel
Light headed faint and mouth drying , tensing up so I went to the Ed. The feeling continued to get worse. I began to hyperventilate and scream that I’m dying please help me. Time stood stilling my body clammed up and I felt I was floating  and I literally thought I died! It was an awful out of body experience. I was breathing so heavily. It turns out my panic attack brought down my potassium so that’s why I felt this is. 

Has any one ever experienced this ? I would not wish this on my worse enemy."
610,neu,"When does the pain of constant terror end, the ignorance of others who can’t comprehend the exhaustion, dread and suicidal thoughts, I want to go back to when I didn’t get them, they make me want to die. Is this all that’s here?"
611,neu,"So sometimes in the weekend I wake up with panic attacks in the middle of the night, Last night for example I woke up hyperventilating, dizzy and was wet from the swet. But I dont feel like I have stress at all so is that weird and do you need to have stress to get a panic attack?"
612,neu,
613,neu,
614,neu,"Hello everybody!

Has somebody similar thoughts? In this situations i feel disconnected from my surroundings and start thinking what if this state stays forever. 

Any tips?"
615,neu,
616,neu,"Hi everyone 

So i am in my early 30'S and have had anxiety and panic disorder since i was young. Now my question is when i have panic attacks i start to see things in slow motion and start to see things that are close go far away? when this happenes i am able to usually stop this feeling eaither cold water or run outside. It happenes right out of the blue. Eaither sitting on the couch , laying in bed or at work and scares the living shit out of me. When i first noitced this was when i was younger and smoked pot and got that feeling and never touched it since over 20 years. Now its just happens. My heart races , sweaty, blurred vision just feels like im dying. I am talking to my doctor about paxil in a week or so and im hoping that will fix it but can anyone eles chime in on the slow motion or anything tips n tricks ? Thanks"
617,neu,"I'm a 23y.o girl, since middle school I like to imagine these scripts in my head, creating a drama or movie on my own. Part of it maybe because I'm too imaginative  and part of it because I was just bored. But whenever the script turns to the worst moments, I tend to have this crying fits to the point that I'm having trouble breathing. It never last more than 15 minutes. And since after crying I feel like weights being lift off my shoulder, I kinda make it a habit of mine to cry my eye out at least once a week.

To this day, I still have this habit. But these past few weeks I think I had my first panic attack. Things happen in my university and out of stress I cried in front of my friends. They managed to calm me down and the crying stops eventually.

But when I came home, before bed I can't help but rethink about the cause that made me cried earlier. And that was when I know something feel different than my usual crying fit. I can't breath, I feel dizzy, I can feel numbness or tingling sensation on my face, my hands were trembling and feel cold. My room was a bit far from my parents so they didn't hear my ugly crying noise. Not that I want them to find out their daughter might have a mental health issue either so I don't bother reach out to anyone. I can't calm myself down so I search those asmr panic attack comfort videos in YouTube and it helped.

I had the same panic attack kind of moment yesterday but a mini one and the trigger is more like the same like the last one. Am I on the verge of having a panic disorder? Or am I just overreacting? I know how serious it is to have a mental health disorder and I'm not belittling those who have it. I'm just curious that maybe my way on how to cope with stress by crying my eyes out might create a situation that mimics a panic attack."
618,neu,"I'm a 23y.o girl, since middle school I like to imagine these scripts in my head, creating a drama or movie on my own. Part of it maybe because I'm too imaginative  and part of it because I was just bored. But whenever the script turns to the worst moments, I tend to have this crying fits to the point that I'm having trouble breathing. It never last more than 15 minutes. And since after crying I feel like weights being lift off my shoulder, I kinda make it a habit of mine to cry my eye out at least once a week.

To this day, I still have this habit. But these past few weeks I think I had my first panic attack. Things happen in my university and out of stress I cried in front of my friends. They managed to calm me down and the crying stops eventually.

But when I came home, before bed I can't help but rethink about the cause that made me cried earlier. And that was when I know something feel different than my usual crying fit. I can't breath, I feel dizzy, I can feel numbness or tingling sensation on my face, my hands were trembling and feel cold. My room was a bit far from my parents so they didn't hear my ugly crying noise. Not that I want them to find out their daughter might have a mental health issue either so I don't bother reach out to anyone. I can't calm myself down so I search those asmr panic attack comfort videos in YouTube and it helped.

I had the same panic attack kind of moment yesterday but a mini one and the trigger is more like the same like the last one. I know how serious it is to have a mental health disorder and I'm not belittling those who have it. I'm just curious that maybe my way on how to cope with stress by crying my eyes out might create a situation that mimics a panic attack. Am I on the verge of having a panic disorder? Or am I just overreacting? Should I be wary of future possible panic attacks?"
619,neu,"I had my first ever panic attack 4 days ago. 
It's triggered by my PTSD. 
Today morning, because of some stuffs I triggered my panic attack.
Now I have to return home to move my stuff and just the thought of returning home almost triggered my panic attack."
620,neu,
621,neu,"It doesn’t happen all the time, luckily, but sometimes if I’m in a crowded area, when having a panic attack, and there is no way to escape, I will pass out. I will normally get very pale and sweaty and then slump over. This has occurred to the extent of being taken to the hospital by ambulance.  Im not hyper ventilating, it’s actually a vasovagal response in the brain, like an automatic shut off valve. Does anyone else experience these kinds of panic attacks? They are akin to fainting at the sight of blood."
622,neu,
623,neu,
624,neu,"I posted this on another sub but would like to see more input about it...

Anyways, there are times when I start to feel like I’m not getting enough air which causes my heart to beat fast, which then eventually makes it feel like I’m going to pass out/die.

This scary moment happen most in hot days when humidity is above 70%. Also when I’m about to finish my workout day where I would start feeling the unfortunate sensation and would end my workout.

Is this a common symptom of anxiety/panic attack? Is this dangerous?

What are some things you have done to relieve yourselves in this situation? Especially in very hot, humid days."
625,neu,r/anxietytrainingmask
626,neu,
627,neu,Please share.  I’m getting so tired of these.  It’s become to normalized for me.  I have no medication so I bluntly suffer.  I don’t know what to do!
628,neu,"Last night I was struggling to sleep cause I had a stomach virus. At some point in the night every thing I touched started to feel.. strange? I guess? Like small things felt huge, like a piece of my hair. Anything I touched felt distorted and made me extremely uncomfortable and caused a panic attack. I started to cry and hyperventilate cause this feeling has happened before and I hate it so so much. Does anyone have an explanation for this?"
629,compound,"Hey Fox. Long time suffer with panic disorder. Long story short I’ve had panic attacks my whole life, and they’ve been much worse lately with all of the stressors and adult life. I have been resistant to taking a long-term medication because I’ve had very bad experiences and some semi-permanent side effects from SSRIs. 

I took some antibiotics this week to deal with an infection and they made my body feel crazy and I’ve been having basically a three day panic attack with some palpitations. I’ve seen a cardiologist my whole life and he thinks they are related to anxiety and I know they probably are. But every time I calm down I get one of those aftershock palpitations and think I’m dying.

Ativan helps a little bit but I also know that the rebound anxiety can make things worse. Just hoping this part of my life can pass me through. Just looking for some positive affirmations I guess. Thank you and I hope all of you have a nice holiday that’s free of suffering."
630,neu,
631,compound,"You've done it. And that's a respectable achievement. 

&amp;#x200B;

You are awesome. Each of you is very unique. You get up every day and live life with such enormous challenges that are not relevant for many people. I am so proud of each of you. The way you live each day and get ahead. I want you to thank yourselves today. For being so strong and alive.  That you draw new strength every day and look after yourselves and others . That you have mastered so many challenges that no one else could have done. 

&amp;#x200B;

I think our attacks and anxiety show us that we are meant for something special in life.  Of course it is never easy but what is easy in life? We will grow with every experience even if it is not pleasant. Even if it is not always directly in view, we will always come further in life. Never staying on the same spot. Draw hope from your achievements. Never give up, you all will make it and be free."
632,neu,"I’ve been experiencing this kind of dissociation during panic attacks. I feel like I’m no longer in control, that I’m in a dream, and that I am going crazy. It lasts for about 10 minutes and I find myself staring into the wall and completely silent. Has anyone ever experienced something like this?"
633,neu,"This happened maybe 30 minutes ago, idk I’ve lost track of time. So I work as a bartender in a pretty already busy bar, I’ve been there for six months now so I’m very use to things by now. But this evening when I started my shift we were jammed pack. It was overwhelming, but I was fine and was keeping up with drinks and even had time to talk with customers. But then apparently I messed up this one guys’ drink and he was getting annoyed real fast and from there is where it started. I don’t remember much, it’s all kind of a daze looking back now. From what I do remember I don’t think I felt panic, everything just seemed glazed over. My heart started to beat fast and hurt and everything sounded like muffled, like I was hearing everything around me from a separate room. I felt detached maybe? My vision just felt glazed, it seemed fuzzy, and darker. I thought I was going to pass out. Again I don’t remember feeling panicked, but I was worried because I’ve never felt that way before and knew it was not good. I just remember briefly bracing myself on my coworkers shoulder and telling them I had to sit down. I stumbled into the back, nearly tripping over myself and bracing myself on the wall because I was dizzy and my legs felt, I don’t know, barely there and weak. Once I sat down I started to feel better. I just tried to focus on my breathing because my heart was still hurting and I was breathing fast. All this that happened at the bar happened in a matter of maybe a minute at max. After a few more minutes of sitting down I felt normal again, got up and walked around just to double check if I was really okay. Once I was sure I walked back out to go back to work. I apologized to my coworker for bailing when it was busy, but when I walked back up to the bar to get back to it, it immediately all started back over again. I went back and sat down and again, only a few minutes later for me to feel normal again.  I tried to go back out to work, but my boss was worried about me and told me to go home. 

Was this a panic attack or something else?"
634,neu,"Background: I was smoking a Juul for basically the entire duration of my 5 hour trip to see my folks on Christmas, and consistently at work the previous 5 hours. 

I’ve seen numbness as a symptom of a panic attack, but didn’t find a whole lot involving internal vibrations. 

The vibration was so intense, it felt like my body was touching an industrial vibrator, but inside my skin. I’ve never experienced ANYTHING like this in my life. 

It came on quick and then my neck started to become numb, then the numbness spread to the lower part of my face. I tried to grab for my phone but I couldn’t bend my fingers, they were just stuck, rigid, in a spread out position. Eventually I started to regain the ability to bend them, but couldn’t accurately type anything on the phone. I could feel the numbness crawling up my face. “Holy fuck I’m having a heart attack or a stroke I am mid-20s what the fuck is going on I’m going to die here.” At this point I leaned my seat back and and just tried to breathe and relax. After about 10 minutes of this, the vibrations began to subside and I regained feeling of my body. 

Threw the Juul in the trash immediately after. Going to see my physician about that as soon as the holidays are over. Still kind of shaken up by the whole thing. 

Has anyone else experienced something similar to this with the internal vibrating sensation?"
635,neu,"Hey. I’m a 15 year old guy, and after looking it up, I’m worried I may have had a panic attack. I was on a skiing vacation at decently high altitude and I had a lot of exercise. My family was going out to get dinner when I suddenly started telling everyone that I was really tired and didn’t want to go. I was starting to tear up a bit (I think I should note that I have always had tears come up at random times, so this wasn’t too out of place. I got pretty good at hiding it). We were walking out, and I started to pull away and tell everyone I had to go back to the condo. My parents obliged and let me go. They kept going. 

As I started walking back, things got really bad. My legs go incredibly weak, but that may have been like a placebo or something. In addition, I was crying more than I ever have, I was balling. I felt incredibly scared and paranoid of something, but I couldn’t quite tell what it was. My head felt like it was incredibly hot, but I realize that getting worked up can do that. My legs began to spasm as I lay in my bed, and I felt hotter than I ever have. I was sweating an incredible amount, as if I just ran a marathon. I couldn’t get myself to take off my clothes because I was crying so hard, and because I felt so scared and awful. It should be noted that I did not feel scared about what was happening to me. I felt scared as if death was going to come up to me at any moment. My dad called about 5 minutes after this started happening and I could barely even talk to him. I was just yelling at him to not come back, for reason I don’t really know. The thing that made me feel better was when he made me get out of bed and eat dinner with him and talk to him and watch a TV show. It started to fade then. The whole thing lasted about 45 minutes to an hour. It was totally awful. I get bad migraines, but this was so much worse than that. 

The main thing that makes me think this may be a panic attack is that it was completely unprovoked. I was stress free (on 2 week vacation), I wasn’t even thinking about anything remotely stressful. I was just thinking the whole time about how I didn’t even feel sad about anything and that I was going insane."
636,neu,"I'm trying to fall asleep and I could not remember if I was 19 or 20 years old. I started to panic like a life or death situation and I've never had this problem. I had to do the math, but I didn't believe the result as 20. I don't know why, but it's not one of those ""hahah I'm old and I'm gonna conveniently forget my age as a joke cause I wish I was younger"" things. I genuinely did not know. I've never really panicked before, especially over something like this, it's seems like a trivial thing to panic over. Has anyone else had similar experiences?"
637,compound,"a primary symptom of panic for me is always nausea - it’s also led to a severe fear of throwing up. 

recently (in the past 3/4 days) i get these waves of feelings where i just can’t seem to comfortably swallow anything - even spit. when i’m eating something, i enjoy the food while i’m chewing it but i just can’t swallow it. i get nauseous, and it also feels like there’s a lump in my throat. i’ve found that chewing gum and sipping water helps a little, but this is just really annoying when i’m trying to enjoy a meal. when this happens i also haven’t been exhibiting any other panic symptoms, but this feeling sometimes causes other symptoms to arise (harder to breathe, faster heartbeat, etc.) 

i’ve been having panic attacks for over a year now, but this is the first time this has happened. i’m a college student studying overseas, and this only started as soon as i landed back in my home country. i’m confused because i’m so genuinely happy to be back home, and am just trying to have a lovely holiday with my family - seems hard to believe that this symptom could be tied to coming home, but i’m not sure! 

any help/advice would be much appreciated!! thanks so much, and happy holidays :)"
638,neu,Training mask for anxiety
639,neu,
640,neu,"I've gone to urgent care so many times that they finally ran out of options with me on what to do with my chest. I go to the ER and it's kinda the same thing. The X-rays, EKG, blood work. They all show up fine. I've gone probably around more than 10 times this month.

It started this past Nov when I thought I was having a heart attack. Supposedly I had an arrhythmia, but my experience caused me to develop panic attacks. My cardiologist has put me on a beta blocker which has gotten my heart rate back to normal. I got an echocardiogram, telling me I have normal heart and valve function. I'm still waiting for the heart holter results. I finally saw a therapist this past Saturday. 

But still.... The chest pain, it's unbearable. I even get if I'm not feeling anxious/panicky at all. Resting, laying. It's a stub/burn sensation on my left side. It will be near the middle or just under by the breast. Then I have tightness by the collar bone. And my left shoulder will feel sore time to time. 

My father past away from a heart attack last year, so you could imagine how I, a 23 year old, is worried."
641,neu,"Hi guys, I’m pretty new to this group but it seems pretty cool so I’m excited to have some support knowing that people are going through the same things as me and have gotten through it. 

I’m an 20 year old male and for the past like 2 months I’ve been having these “episodes” where I get like lightheaded and my hands start feeling tingly and my heart races, etc. Sometimes my chest would hurt and I would think I’m having a heart attack. Like there were times where I felt like I was gonna die More recently I’ve really lost my appetite and even though I can feel that I’m hungry I just can’t really eat. So I decided to go to a psychiatrist and he said that what I’m experiencing are panic attacks. He suggested that I start taking 50mg of Zoloft. The first time I took it I basically gave myself a mini panic attack because I was so scared of taking the medicine in case what I’m suffering from aren’t panic attacks or something. 

I guess I’m just wondering if there’s anyone out there that thinks that these are panic attacks. I had an EKG and it was good but with these pains in my chest sometimes I psych myself out into thinking it’s something more. 

I was also wondering what I should do about eating. I’ve lost a considerable amount of weight and I’m starting to get concerned. Could panic attacks be messing with my stomach? And if so are there things that I should be eating?

Thanks in advance"
642,neu,"I feel so embarrassed and so scared. We had just gotten to my grandparents’ and I just couldn’t get it together. Super tight, painful chest. Just took an ativan so I hope that will help soon so that I don’t completely spiral. This car ride is going to feel like forever. I’m trying so hard to calm down. Seriously considering figuring out how to take a leave from work because my mental health has been so bad lately."
643,neu,"I’m not sure where to start this, here I go. I had a pulmonary embolism about 6 years ago doctors said it was caused by my knee surgery the inability to move my legs while resting in bed. I was on blood thinners (warfarin) for about a year in that year I suffered from constant chest pain endless nights of crying myself to sleep afraid that I wouldn’t wake up due to my symptoms this shortness of breath which felt as if I was under water while laying down, I was having trouble breathing on a day to day basis. my left side of my chest my shoulders the side of my ribs with a feeling as if someone was stabbing me with a fork back and fourth back and fourth. I would pray to god to just take me I did not care if I lived or died the pain was indescribable. I would wake up to blood in my vomit vomiting every day for months just pure bile some blood. I forget to mention I had to relearn how to walk as well I would spent plenty of nights just praying for this hell to end , suicide never came to mind I was 19. I figured if I were to die it would be due to a blood clot stoping my heart or suffocating me. Piercing headaches that would have me trembling this constant dizziness I’m not even mentioning the knee surgery because the pain that I had from my  Pulmonary embolism my clots are the chest pain alone the shortness of breath took away from my knee injury/pain/surgery.  It took a very long year for my knee to get strong for my clots to dissolve and the pain to dim. Constant doctor appointments every single day. Fast forward about a year a year and a half I am working I am not a complete health but due to my experience the doctors have mentioned that the main factors for clotting would be being over weight smoking,long trips,genetics.  I lost about 50 pounds I was exercising everyday On a plant based diet for almost two years on a straight road of being healthy no complications working 10-11 hours then all of a sudden the symptoms came back the same exact ones please read the top so you can get a image of my symptoms. I see cardiologist neurologist pulmonologist hematologist but this time now doctors can’t find anything. I lost my job and once again it was a pulmonary embolism same symptoms so what else can it be? . After plenty of er trips so many scans appointments tests but they could not find one thing wrong. It took another year or so to start to feel better this time no pulmonary embolism but I had the symptoms of chest pain which lasted months I could not breathe I was real dizzy I even passed out a few times. Fast heart rate not being able to catch my breathe or stand for too long.once again 3 years pass with no serious symptoms just some minor anxiety I was working full time  going to school I had gotten my own place and then once again my hell of it’s another pulmonary embolism came back to place. It started July 22,2019 it started with shortness of breath while at work. I knew hey joe you’ve been down this road we’ve been checked there’s nothing wrong. I tried fighting it I tried so hard but I knew something was off I was coming home from work and had told my mom I just don’t feel well my breathing had gotten worse then the sharp chest pain came I started losing sleep but I told myself if I let myself it’s going to take me. I did not want to suffer again so I keep on fighting I would go to the gym I was still working I lasted a week until that Sunday it snapped me I broke down to my current girlfriend I had told her I was in pain and my breathing was just off. I ended up in the Er and little by little the symptoms came back full effect. I could not drive I had to quit my job I lost my new home. I was physically unable to work drive even stand at times. countless er visits again my heart rate was always high 110-140,the sharp chest pain would consume me and keep me awake at night I would wake up in the middle of the night and pray I would take cold showers I would try to exercise but the pain just grew and grew my symptoms got worse and again I lost it all. It doesn’t make sense to me because once again there’s no pulmonary embolism but the pain the shortness of breath is here now this time there was more symptoms added like paranoia of death these episodes where I would feel like I would drop to the floor and I needed to sit down. I didn’t roll over until the first er visit I was convinced I was dying again. I have been dying since July 22,2019 cold night sweats chest pain body tremors my head just always ringing panic attacks now every day, fast heart rate I haven’t been able to work I lost the capability to work drive and be a normal human being. I feel like such a worthless burden I contemplated suicide  but I couldn’t pull the trigger (literally). I’ve never really dealt with the panic attacks lasting hours or sometimes just lingering for days. I don’t know how I made it to Christmas. Once again I am seeing cardiologist hematologist pulmonologist they are doing test once again. I am wearing a heart monitor I’ve had echos stress test mri of head cat scans of chest multiple, ultra sounds of legs to check for clots and nothing they can’t find anything. I know you’ll probably think or  say it’s just anxiety right yes I know yet I lost my life again 3 times with a period of 6 years this last time has  been the worse from sucidal  thoughts sucidal  intentions to panic attacks lasting hours. I just want to be normal again I’m tired of not being able to breathe correctly I’m sick of being in pain every day panic attacks every day. I feel  so vulnerable girl friend left me and I’m crying because I’m so alone and I’m scared you know? I see people my age 26 and I’m just so lost, I keep telling myself perhaps I deserve this due to my past maybe I’ve hurt someone and I’m just paying my dues  or just maybe I should be suffering. I am currently on Zoloft and Xanax as needed but I just cannot figure out while I continue to still suffer it keeps coming back  with no triggers it just came back this past July I fought it and it did not matter"
644,neu,"Boxing Day in retail so I had a 6:30am start. I tried to go to bed early. Was in bed by 9:30pm last night, but I kept falling asleep and waking up or dreaming about needing to be asleep because I had to wake up at 4am. I woke up at 2am and went back to sleep but woke up again at 3:30am- I have a really hard time falling asleep and I wake up at least 3 times during the night and always before my alarm. 
I got ready for work and started to have lower abdominal pain - which I’ve had since Saturday and it only goes away if I have a bowel movement, which it did. I get to work and start getting ready for my day, cleaning and putting things away etc and I’m totally fine until 8am I start to get the stomach cramps again and have to continuously try to go to the toilet. It starts to get a bit busier by 9 and it’s still happening. I try to eat watermelon and a chocolate and it doesn’t help. Around 10pm I go to sit down and then suddenly start dry reaching until I vomit the chocolate up. I started to shake and feel like I was panicking. Then I realised my chest felt like it was burning. I didn’t want to go home sick on Boxing Day because it was going to be insanity in there but I knew I couldn’t keep working like this. My manager told me I should go to the hospital (the Doctor did nothing for me 3 day’s ago except order a pelvic scan that I can’t have for 2 weeks.) On the tram ride there I felt anxious and needed to get out of there. I tried to breathe and stop thinking about my heart racing and my chest burning. I walked to emergency and had to wait around 5 minutes before I was seen by the triage nurse. I got dizzy and felt like I was going to faint before she saw me. The whole time explaining how I felt I felt short of breath and like it was hard to breathe, but I kept telling myself I’m in hospital, they know what’s going on, I’m safe. 

They saw me straight away and hooked me up to an ecg. My heart rate was 160BPM and took some time to stay below 100. After doing blood tests and a urine sample, they didn’t find anything wrong. I was dehydrated though and had to be hooked up to an IV drip. 

I feel like I wasted their time by them looking after me because my panic attack on top of my stomach pain made everything seem worse than it was. I’m so sick of having stomach pain and then having anxiety because of it during times when I’m meant to be working face to face with strangers."
645,neu,"I woke up in the middle of my sleep due to some flashback images from my childhood trauma. Because of that, I immediately went downstairs to check whether the doors are locked and if the security cameras and alarms are working. However, while doing that, my fingers started to feel tingly, I’m having difficulty breathing, and my chest started to feel very tight and painful. I tried to calm myself down naturally but it didn’t work. Thus, I ended up taking lorazepam as prescribed by my doctor for cases like this. After some time of staying where I was sitting, I started to feel vertigo-like symptom and I felt as if I was falling as I move my eyes. Is that normal after having a panic/anxiety attack? 

Please note that I was diagnosed with GAD but, I have been doing great these past few months, due to rare to no panic attacks. I’ve had lots of panic attacks before that, however, but I only ended up feeling lightheaded after taking lorazepam. I also have a history with vertigo but it only happens when I forgot to take my SSRI’s."
646,neu,"Okay, so basically I was pretty much always fine, I was never a nervous person, I haven’t had any childhood problems or traumas. I’m 22 and 4 months ago I’ve started feeling strong heart palpitations once in a while, strong headaches, pain in my chest, insomnia. I went to see a doctor, they ran an EKG, tested my blood and they said that everything’s fine. A week later I’ve had my first panick attack, everyone in my house were scared shittless, they even called an ambulance, since they thought I’m having a heart attack. I thought it would go away but then another one occured. After that I went to see a therapist, told everything, I was told that I’m suffering from a panick dissorder and was prescribed with 50mg Zoloft and Bromazepam. I’ve been on them for 4 months, my anxiety eased a little bit, I stopped having panick attacks, was feeling better but still had trouble sleeping, so I was prescribed with 25mg Quetiapine, once again, felt a lot better, got some sleep, saw my therapist occiasionally. Now I’ve started feeling anxious again, strong heart palpitations are back, everyday I feel chest pain and think that something is wrong with me physically(forgot to mention that I smoke cigarettes) and yesterday I’ve had another panick attack. I’ve started googling shit and now I think that maybe I’m having all these symptoms from the medicine that I’m taking. I’m scared to be alone in my house, I’m scared to take a shower alone cause’ I always imagine these worst scenarios of me having a heart attack and dying. Does anyone feel the same way as I do? I’m so scared of not getting better. I’m even having the chest pain right at this moment and I’m scared shittless you guys."
647,neu,"Im 17 and have been feeling empty these past 2 weeks due to stress over school and school starting, finishing projects etc. On the train home, i started crying for no reason, but i felt much better after, and the empty feeling went away for awhile. I spent my night watching dramas and suddenly felt a queasy feeling in my stomach, and i could feel my body temperature rising, my back of the head started to feel like goosebumps, and rashes formed all over my legs and hands. It was scary, i didn’t know what to do,, everybody was sleeping as it was 4am and i was scared, the 40mins i just spent trembling and sobbing into my hands on the bed and breathing in and out rapidly. It’s better now, but the rashes are still there and i feel cold. I’m not sure if i would be able to sleep tonight. How should i proceed? Should i try to convince my parents to let me seek help? I have been losing motivation and I can’t bring myself to do my work these past 2 weeks..."
648,neu,Training mask for anxiety
649,neu,Training mask for anxiety
650,neu,
651,neu,
652,neu,"I was diagnosed with panic disorder over 6 years ago. I am 27 years old, and it’s quite literally ruining my life. I don’t want to rely on Klonopin or Xanax anymore, for obvious reasons. Has anyone tried CBD? Has it worked, and if so, what was your dosage and how often/when would you take it?

Brand recommendations welcome from anyone that experienced success with CBD. 

PLEASE keep in mind, my disorder is not a result of mild anxiety. I end up in the emergency room 9/10 times due to the overwhelming fear of death. So 100mg will not do anything for me- I’m looking upwards of 800-1000+ mg. Thanks in advance x"
653,neu,Today and a while back i felt like i had loss of control and then like nauseas really red face high blood pressure got blood test went to cardiologist and neurologist and there’s nothing wrong. Currently i am waiting on test results from the Endocrinologist ( which is for hormones ) Just recently today i was listening to music and out of nowhere fast heart rate felt like i couldn’t breath and i was moving a lot like if i was panicking and i don’t know if it is a panic attack. i have history with being a very nervous child and having anxiety very easily.
654,compound,Does anyone else feel their hearts pounding and it just sending them spiraling? Sometimes my heart just beats so hard I can feel it through my whole body.
655,neu,"I have never had a panic attack in my entire life, no matter how stressed or sad i got. For a while I have been playing videos games for long periods of time, although I don't think that it is the cause. Then I got glasses. After 1-3 months of wearing them I got my first panic attack at night. I went to deep sleep and woke up feeling better. Then I had panic attacks every few 1-3  weeks for a while. I noticed a pattern of them happening on week ends or when school isn't in session. I also noticed that now when I get panic attacks they usually happen when I go in public, I go to someone's home, or if someone comes to my home and hangs out with me. None of this happened before I was wearing glasses which everytime I wear in school i feel dizzy, my eyes feel tired, and I feel derealized or depersonalized. Could glasses be the cause of my panic attacks?"
656,neu,"back in May, i experienced what i now believe might have been my first panic attack. i was with my best friend and we drove to an amusement park early in the morning. got there around noon and at about 2pm, we were getting in line for a roller coaster. it was hot out this day and extremely sunny. we walked up the stairs to this roller coaster and when we got to the top and started to walk into the building, i got very weak. i started feeling nauseous, my arms and legs and fingers started to go numb. my vision got blurry, and i got this extremely loud and intense ringing in my ears that kept me from hearing most of my surroundings. my friend said my face lost absolutley all color and i looked like i could pass out. we got out of line and I started to feel better once i sat down. i ate, and then i felt fine the rest of the day. i thought the incident was that i was dehydrated or overheated and didnt think much of it, until i experienced something similar again last night.

yesterday was the first time since then that I've experienced anything similar. i was with friends, and i started to feel very nauseous. i felt like i could throw up and i had the ringing in my ears which distracted me from everybody else. my vision was blurry, i couldn't focus on anything and my mind was racing, yet blank at the same time. my friends got worried because we had been smoking last night when this happened, but this felt so similar to the first time (i was completley sober the first time) that i can't help but think that smoking didn't cause this (i smoke regularly and this is not normal for me). the whole thing from start to finish only lasted what felt like 10 mins. it was very intense but very short lived.

my question is, are these symptoms of a panic attack? I've struggled with anxiety and depression lately and just got prescribed SSRI's, but i haven't started them yet. i know stress is a issue in my life, but I'm wondering if anybody else has experienced anything like this."
657,neu,"So I (24m) have always started having anxiety since I was 18. It was easily manageable until last October where hypochondria has gotten extremely bad and developed really bad panic attacks sending me to the ER. I know that theres nothing wrong with me because I've had CT scans of head and chest. It feels like the anxiety comes up for no reason, and is just a feeling in my head, much like a very light adrenaline rush, then I convince myself theres actually ao.ethong wrong with me.. but because I've told my doctor that it starts for no reason he just wants me on prozac. Was just curious if theres a possibility that CBT could help or if SSRI is the only way to go if brain chemicals are actually messed up. Any advice is extremely appreciated."
658,neu,"I’m 41 M and had 2 panic attacks in my life while I was speaking in public for my job. The first one happened in 2011, the second one in 2014. Since then, I fell strong anxiety every time I have to speak in public (which is something that happens extremely rarely in my job). After the second attack in 2014, in the few other occasion I had to speak in public, I took Xanax. But Xanax alleviates my anxiety just a bit and if I take too much of it I get too sleepy and my brain doesn’t work as it should. Plus it works only for a few hours but I start to fell anticipatory anxiety 2 weeks or more before the event. My question is: is there any drug that I can start to take 1 or 2 weeks before the event, that will make me fell completely quite and calm for the period (before and during the speech) and that, after the event, I can immediately stop to assume? In 2017 for a public speaking my psychiatrist suggested me to take Doparox (which is a SSRI) starting 2 weeks before but it didn’t help me: I passed the worst 2 weeks of my life before the event due the strong anxiety and then, a few hours before the event I had to add Xanax for the anxiety (because of tachycardia, wet hands...) . At the end, I don’t know how I gave the speech without a real panic attack (that would have caused me to run away the podium) but it was so hard. What I would like is a medicine that completely eliminate my anxiety for 2 weeks, keep my brain working normally and doesn’t make me sleepy. Does it exist? In my day to day life, I suffer of mild anxiety but I can dominate it...the problem is when an occasion of public speaking start to arise."
659,neu,"I’ve always had panic attacks off and on growing up, but now they’re getting much worse. Heart palpations, not dizziness— but my head feels squeezed, and tingling, usually in the face and hands. Then, when I zone in I start thinking too much about the feelings I’m getting and my brain starts making up symptoms as well. I’ll notice that it feels like my chest is getting tight, but then when I think really hard about it, it’s not really, it’s just kind of a sensory overload and my brain is creating issues that most likely aren’t there. So, for instance, if you asked me “is your chest tight?” I’d only be able to answer “yes. No. I don’t know. Yes? No.”

I don’t have a car, and getting back from the hospital is a whole ordeal— but I’ve been through this before. I panic, go to the ER, they tell me I’m fine, and then I go home and repeat. On top of me not being able to afford the trips, I’m tired of this basically controlling my life. It happens every other night now, but at the same time, what happens if I’m actually in distress and I just don’t know and end up dead? I don’t wanna actually die, I have a toddler, and I’d like to see her grow up. Anyway, it’s extremely hard for me to get past. 

Googling the differences between heart attacks and panic attacks didn’t put me at ease, as it just made my mind wander and create symptoms that aren’t there. I get too freaked out to sleep, so I’m just kind of stuck in a perpetuate state of panic until the wee hours of the morning when I finally pass out— and sleep like crap.

I’ve tried listening to music, reading, drawing, breathing techniques, meditation, exercise, and I just honestly can’t get past it. It’s like my brain always pushes me back to what I’m trying to ignore. So aside from running to the ER every night and going broke, does anyone else have any experience with this? Do any of you have any grounding tips? Because it’s honestly ruining my life at this point."
660,neu,"It’s 1:30 in the morning. I can’t sleep because I can hardly breathe. My mind is telling me something is wrong with my body and that I need to panic about it. All I can do is focus on my breathing. I’m struggling to type this. I drink a lot of alcohol to overcome intense anxiety and panic attacks. I’ve already drank too much today. I’m nauseas and sick to my stomach. I took a small dose of Lorazepam 30 minutes ago.

I’ve been getting panic attacks most of my life. I’m 25 now. I remember getting them in middle school. I didn’t know what they were at the time. It’s worse than ever lately. It overpowers me. It feels like I’m going to die. My heart doesn’t always beat fast when I’m on the verge of a panic attack. I’ve been on the verge of a panic attack for an hour now. I have severe hypochondria. I convince myself I’m going to die. Sometimes symptoms physically manifest. I spend much of my time this way. I don’t have hopes or dreams anymore.

I want to cry but I don’t know how to cry. I’m alone in my room in the dark. I spend all of my free time this way. I don’t want to be alone. I’m too anxious to go out and talk to people. Panic may strike at any moment. I spend all of my time alone. I feel like I’m nearing the end of my life. I don’t want to suffer like this anymore. I don’t want to suffer anymore. I’m sorry."
661,neu,This morning at work I felt like I couldn’t breathe and began to panic a little worrying that something bad was happening to me. It didn’t go away for awhile and I kept trying to distract myself. It eventually went away when we got busy so I assumed it was just my anxiety. It happened again after work though when I had fast food because I keep worrying it’s my heart and my kind of unhealthy eating. But it went away again once I was home and comfy. I just really wish it wouldn’t happen. I always tell myself I’m fine but always worry that something is actually wrong with me and I could die. I don’t know if I should get my heart checked again with the breathing as it’s also been feeling sore and heavy.
662,neu,"I just needed to vent a little. I was just talking to a friend and kind of got triggered by the topic we were talking about. Now i feel absolutely horrible. I am so hot, nauseous, my head hurts, and i feel like im about to burst out crying any minute. I don't want to tell my mum or anyone else because I don't want to be a bother but it's getting too much for me to handle. I don't want to feel like this anymore..."
663,neu,Went to the gym and got a decent workout in with the wife. I’m lying on the couch and she’s in the kitchen and I noticed my chest was getting tight. It’s been 5 months since the last attack. I get so scared any time my heart starts pounding really fast. I immediately called the wife to come help calm me down. It’s crazy how this stuff randomly comes. 😳
664,neu,I’ve been having so many panic attacks it seemed lately. Starts with nausea then the fluttering in the chest that never goes away. Worst is when I wake up and it’s there. Like I just woke up and I’m even saying to myself there is nothing to panic about
665,neu,"No major arrhythmias were found. When I noted that I was facing palpations, light headed chest pain,, numbness, etc. It showed I had normal sinus rhythm. I was even told to stop taking my beta blocker. My cardiologist wants to do a CT scan on my heart to rule out the other stuff. He doubts that I have any coronary problems due to my young age (23) and my cholesterol level being good.

I keep telling myself it's all in my head now, but it's hard to be confident in that. I keep on running out of breath for some reason or like if I'm not getting that full take.

I've done so so many EKG, X-Ray, blood work etc in this month, telling me I'm normal. But still the breathing gets me worried. I'm only taking celexa now.

I hope the breathing is related to me being tense/anxiety or celexa related. It would highly odd for me to have a major artery problem so sudden."
666,neu,"So for the past 3-4 months I have been experiencing the worst panic attacks you could imagine, and I have went back to an old job that pays very well and I don’t wanna lose it cause they happen there out of nowhere. Last night I was crying and almost screaming at least my dad was here to help calm me down and a few beers later I was ok. I take 1mg of klonopin twice a day and there are days at work I find myself taking 3-5 just to make it through the night. Well yesterday I started Paxil (I was on it years ago and stopped taking it). I’m hoping this will help. My anxiety is so bad, I went into a gas station and waiting in line one started. I know I’m just rambling at this point but any tips or anything will be greatly appreciated! I feel a little better today but not 100%"
667,neu,"I had my worst panic attack last week. The feet numbing the hand numbing kind. I felt it was just a one time thing since it’s new for me. But today, I got to work and immediately had a panic attack. My heart rate reached 130 and I found no comfort. I had to go to my works “wellness room” and I laid on the floor for 2 hours, as soon as I calmed down, the air conditioner clicked off which startled me enough to start the panic again. I’m having a hard time knowing how to calm myself down, let alone when it’s happening- how do I handle it? 

All advice is good advice and I appreciate you guys and love you through your bad moments. Thank you."
668,neu,"I had intense agoraphobia with panic attacks which led to a situation where I had nonstop panic attacks and broke into a psychotic episode. Now what's weird is, after this psychotic ""event"", very individualistic experience. Before where hearing the garbage  truck outside, or police/ambulance, it would strike this deep anxiety into me. There are many moments scorched into my mind where I left the house before, and like someone looking at me and other stuff would cause a lot of anxiety.

Now the panic attacks I get, are without much mental strain at all. Before it was like lightning was about to strike down at any moment, and now... I get physical anxiety symptoms, but nothing in my head of ""impending doom"" which was incredibly distinct before. One thing is without things causing me paranoia, and without the mental anxiety symptoms of sudden impending doom things feel not like real life. I wish I could sound less delusional than that. 

I think I have disassociation symptoms, where it starts to feel I don't need my physical body for a consciousness or communication. My brain is still very turned off with the physical anxiety despite not thinking anything is going to happen. I feel I got use to turning my brain off to reduce anxiety, but then when my brain turns back on in my comfort zone lets say.. I enter a day-dream like state where I can plan things really well, and keep myself company. I'd like to have that internalization while not in just comfortable settings. 

I don't have a specific question I suppose. I find it just strange, that my panic attack symptoms I got use to for over a decade kind of shifted on me but also went away in a lot of ways that makes life seem fake to me now."
669,neu,"ive also been having a weird gastrointestinal thing at the same time. Every time i have a panic attack at night, i have intense fear of heart attack because i am having heartburn and feeling a muscle sprain in my left arm. Even though there is no direct pain in my left arm and i had an EKG earlier this month that was clear of abnormalities. 

I have not been a hypochondriac in the past, but these anxiety attacks have been wearing away at my resolve. Every gurgle from my gut and pains from heartburn/work make my mind spiral into thoughts of medical disaster. 

I wish there was a way to feel normal again. i dont even remember what it was like to not be worried, and forget an easy time falling asleep. 

Im not sure whar can make me less anxious. I am young so my hypochondria is missplaced but i cant just ignore my feeling of doom."
670,neu,"This holiday week was pure hell. I had to spend most of it with my in-laws, and it was a shitshow that left me drowning in anger and bitterness towards them. I really cannot stand these people. 

Now I’m having waves of anxiety and panic. Not the heart attack kind. More like the soul-murdering fear kind, and feeling like I’m about to lose my mind. 

Does anyone else notice anxiety and panic increase after a prolonged period of anger, resentment and/or bitterness? I swear by day we left their house, I just about peeled out of their driveway because I couldn’t hack another minute with those goddamn people."
671,neu,You can do this.
672,neu,"My panic attacks started in January of 2014, when I first finished college.  Panic disorder itself started when I realized college wasn’t worth it, and I’d basically really screwed up my finances.  Nowadays, my situation is a lot better, but I can’t shake the panic attacks.  I seem stuck in 2014."
673,neu,"I’m going on a plane in less than 24 hours and I’m terrified of getting a panic attack and unable to do anything about it, I’ve definitely over prepared for this but I could still use some tips.  Can anyone share some tips to deal with a panic attack please?"
674,neu,"Last night, I woke up with a panic attack. It was a pretty bad one. I even asked my husband to not “let me die.”

Now I’m anxious about going to sleep tonight because I don’t want it to happen again.

Advice for sleeping?"
675,neu,"Kind of a vent, sorry.

I’ve gotten panic attacks for a while now. But they’re sporadic—maybe once every few months. Usually I can just come down from it without medication or, in bad cases, take a Xanax to help it go away.

I had a traumatic event last week that has left me with a seemingly constant feeling of panic. My parents’ dogs got into a fight where one of them was pretty severely injured. I held her in the car as we drove a half hour to the emergency vet. I had to hold my hand over her wound to keep her from bleeding, comforting her as I felt she was likely dying. Thank god she is okay. She’s way more okay than I am, honestly.

Several hours after the incident, I cried. But I didn’t have a panic attack. Then the next day I just started freaking out. I felt like I was dying. I kept thinking “She’s going to die. The other dog is going to kill her. She’s going to die.” Even though the dogs are being kept separately. Then I spiraled into, “If this is how I feel about the dogs, what am I going to do when my parents die?” Then it goes into stuff like, “What if my parents’ plane is hijacked on their flight to Europe?” which is 6 months from now. Full blown panic attack. I’m gone. My face is numb. Clawing at my stomach and cheeks. Can’t think—I’m gone.

I’ve had at least two a day for the past 4 days. It’s triggered by this specific event and things that remind me of the dog fight. I just don’t know what to do. I’ve never had this happen before. I am so overwhelmed and don’t want to be taking all my Xanax.

I don’t know what the point of my post is. I guess just has anyone else had a seemingly minor event trigger an ongoing sense of panic? Any grounding advice?"
676,compound,"I went outta town with my dad to a family friends house for a big Christmas get together, not really my thing cause I feel like I don't know how to act in big crowds so I just sat and read manga trying to stick to myself.

later in the night my childhood friend who I enjoy being around asked if I wanted to play some halo ""like the old days"" I said sure as I thought it would be nice to relive something we both enjoyed as kids,a couple games go by and im having fun same as her, now I don't really know what triggered it but mid way through a game I started feeling uneasy, like something was behind me as I was playing so I tried to ignore it but it kept getting worse and all of a sudden it hit me so hard and I had just enough time to drop the controller and say I gotta go while running outta the house.

got outside and started breathing really fast and could feel my heart beat so hard and all I could think was oh god im gonna die, felt like I was losing my mind, lasted for about 30 minutes or so.

im just glad I got outta the house and away from people before it hit seriously cause I know from experience when I panic around others I start screaming and in their eyes I must look like a loony and didn't take my meds, that's not to say they were all wondering what happened n why I just ran off like that so I had to explain to them it happens every now and then and I have no control of it saying but its not that bad which is a lie of course.

the worst part of it is it seems to be when people ask are you okay? you good? what happened? and things like that tend to make me feel even more uneasy like im spiraling down a tunnel of madness losing grip on reality so I have to try deal with it saying na im good its fine now and dumb things like that, it also feels like if I somehow verbally acknowledge these issues it might be come 'real'? so I have to hold it in or I get freaked out and feel like im gonna get got or caught or something horrifying like that.

honestly dunno where this is going, just need to vent a little so thanks for reading."
677,neu,ive locked my cat in with it so they can duke it out but in the meantime i’m fighting off a stupid attack because i read about the disease you can get from mice in your home and how it’s usually fatal and i don’t know what to do right now. uggggh
678,neu,"Hi everyone, I am 21 year old guy, dealing with health anxiety. My main concern is my heart, I always think that something is wrong with it, i get these flutters from time to time and my pulse shoots up very quickly and I get out of breath from physical activities that i never had problems with. I suffer from panic attacks as well and for some reason i start coughing really bad when they happen or when i feel very anxious.
Is it possible that all of this is caused by anxiety?

P.s. i had a few ecg's done and my blood tested and nothing showed up, but now I'm afraid that during the ecg's I was fine, but now I'm not."
679,neu,"I was eating some Vietnamese soup yesterday that my roommate made and it was spicy and made my nose really runny. after my bowl she offered me a second and I accepted. After I had a few bites I suddenly felt like it was getting harder to breath then I couldn't breath in for like 2-3 seconds. It went away almost immediately and I got up and got some water. This terrified the shit out of me because I have no idea what happened. Ive been eating spicy things my whole life no problem. I don't think I was choking on something because I didn't feel anything stuck, plus it was just soup. This happened once a few years ago when I was eating a Twix bar and again about a year ago when I started chewing a fresh piece of gum, I have also eaten those things many many many times in the past (because they are my favorite) without it happening and it hasn't happened since until the soup. Can it be an allergy if I eat the thing both before and after and it doesn't happen? The fact that I don't know what happened and don't know if it will suddenly happen again in the future terrifies me and I've been freaking out about it for almost 24 hours now. Like, if I knew exactly what it was and how to prevent it and knew for sure it wouldn't suddenly happen in the future I think I would feel better but not knowing is killing me. Ive been up all night just waiting for it to happen again and kill me this time. Anyone have any idea what's going on?"
680,neu,"And I hate it. I want to go back to my student apartment, I want to be alone, so that I can breath again. I'm having Panic attacks almost daily now and It's getting worse. My family makes it worse, with all their nagging and the guilt tripping, but I don't think they actually understand what they are doing. 
I'm getting help. But it takes a while to get an appointment. I wish this could be over now."
681,compound,"I haven't had a panic attack from heart palpitations in like two years, just had a panic attack 

Just put a Xanax under my tongue, hope it works soon, 

My heart palpitations randomly came back last week 

:/"
682,compound,"Does anyone else get that heart sensation like if all of your nerves are focusing in one area? Even though it isn’t beating crazy.

Cuz just had that  experience right now in bed. I thought it would pass but no. It got me more tense. Pulse rises. Breathing quick. Then it went away. Panic attack?

I was thinking about heart attacks and how life is tommorow. But I wasn’t anxious when I was thinking of it. Just constant thoughts.

I already gotten my heart holter results which came ou good, so many EKG, bloodwork, x Ray that came out good."
683,neu,"I sleep at around 2am. I sleep for about an hour before I wake up panting as if I had forgotten to breath. I gasp for a breath of air and sit up, feeling my heart race. I’ve learned the techniques to calm down, that’s how I’m alright during the day. I haven’t had a day panic attack in like 5 years. Now, for no reason I can tell, I’m waking up like this almost every night. I just want a full night’s rest so my body and head can rest better. But I don’t want to take medicine."
684,compound,"I (25/F) had my first panic attack 12 days ago. Of those 12 days, yesterday was the first day I didn't experience a panic attack. On the other 11 days, I had 1-3 panic attacks a day. Sometimes it took me moe than an hour to relax. 

Some background... 
Some time ago, I started taking antibiotics for a tooth infection. On the fifth day I had my first panic attack because I felt out of breath and thought I was going to die. 

9 days ago I was cooking and while I was doing that, I ate a soy bean sprout. Afterwards I felt my throat swell up and I fell out of breath for about 2 seconds. My husband rushed me to ER and they found no allergic reactions in my blood. Since then, I have a panic attack every time I try to eat something. I have an uncontrollable and unreasonable fear of ALL FOOD now. I physically feel my throat is swelling up and I get out of breath, but I know I can't be allergic to that food because I've been eating it for all my life. 

I have some safe foods I eat now (white rice, potatoes, cauliflower). And I constantly have this feeling of a swollen throat. 

I've been to 3  doctors now. All of them say it can't be allergies, but they didn't test it. My mind just can't accept that idea and I keep having ""allergic"" reactions to food. I feel like I'm losing my mind and I'll never be able to enjoy the food I used to eat ALL THE TIME and live without panic attacks. I’m also super tense now. My heart skips a beat every time someone drops a pen, closes a door too hard... Is this a normal state of panic?? 

Has anyone experienced this before? Does it get better? 
Could I really be having allergies?"
685,neg,Its really annoying
686,neu,
687,neu,I’ve been dealing with panic attacks for 2 years now every single day. It’s to the point where I don’t wanna be here anymore. I’m 21 years old and so dead inside
688,compound,"I am 19yr, It's holidays, visiting my parents, went on a road trip and started getting a similar feeling of a road travel sickness, which I didn't have for the past 6 or so years. Thank goodness we were near our destination, I started to feel a bit panicky, I got out of the car asap, my mind was blank, all I could think of I need to take some fresh air and walk it out. I knew something was off, my head got dizzy, all my body got numb mostly couldn't feel my arms,  I was kind of short of breath, was feeling pressure on my chest, knees were weak, all of those things. Panicking for about 5min alone. Instinctively went to hug my mom. I was pale, my hand muscle tensed up to the touch as she said. Thank god she was by my side, I was even surprised how another person could help you in situations like these.

  
The cause of my knowledge may be: Stopped smoking tobacco, as well as weed, drinking alcohol too. I started using tobacco at age 11, smoking weed when I was 13-14 but at 15 got into it a little bit more but not a daily smoker, took a break from weed for 1 year, started smoking daily and at good amounts at age 18. Alcohol was not really big part of my life, but parties, weekends with friends, got blacked out all the time. Tried molly a couple of times at this age, the last time was traumatizing in a way, felt like got brain damage, it passed after 3 days.  So T+20days passed of poisoning my brain with all those substances, my version may be that my brain got used to the weed stuff and tobacco stuff to calm my mind, numb all the feelings and being sober I don't yet know how to control that anxiety feeling? I realized it's not normal to feel anxious most of the time, but I live with it usually, like other problems, it goes away and comes back. Stopped also watching porn and seeking self-pleasure. The first 3 weeks I felt like an alpha, like a god in a way, was not afraid of nothing, feeling bliss. But the powers are gone. I just wanted to share my experience and get better understanding of what and may, be the cause. Thanks."
689,neu,"The subject is Masturbation.
First it’s sounds funny and all but there is a connection between fapping and panic attacks!!! I’ve seen it myself and since I’m not touching myself at all I didn’t have a single panic attack! I can think clearer. It has to do with your dopamin hormone. Don’t touch it, see the benefits. If you don’t see any benefits after 2 weeks, curse me."
690,compound,"HELLO EVERYONE!!!
THIS IS A MESSAGE TO ALL OF YOU! 
THIS IS A MESSAGE FOR 2020! 
PUSH EVEN HARDER NEXT YEAR, YOU ALL CAN DO IT!!! THERE ARE MANY PEOPLE WHO BEAT ANXIETY AND PANICATTACKS SO THATS WHY NEVER GIVE UP! DONT LOSE HOPE AND YOU WILL SUCCEED! 

Happy New Years everyone, forget it and leave it behind in 2019."
691,neu,"Because thats what it feels like..... I’ve been having panic attack for about half a year and I’ve suffered a lot of symptoms and the one that is the most prominent right now is feeling like I am about to die. Literally nothing will be going on then all of a sudden I am just 100% positive I am about to die and no one and nothing can convince me otherwise. I’ve had a full work up and my blood work is fine, ekg fine, and I just did a holter monitor but I don’t have the results yet. I just can’t shake that feeling and it lasts for hours then passes. It’s just been freaking me out lately."
692,neu,
693,neu,
694,neu,"Most of the time after a panic attack I feel kinda happy and euphoric after it’s over. But sometimes I just get into a little “shock” state like like I keep thinking about the attack even though it’s over, I don’t have any motivation to do anything, I do nothing but fidget around and my muscles are still shaky. I’m still able to move and such and talk normally I just feel shaken up. Does anyone else get this?"
695,neu,"I've been in process to join the us army for half a year now, and have been calm. However, for the last month, I've been under constant anxiety. I spent the last 4 weeks watching breaking bad from start to finish to keep my mind off of it, but when I finished, I broke down. I eat everything in sight. I spend most of my time playing video games and not coding classes which correlate with my future army job. I weigh too much. I hate exercise. I cant stop myself from eating. I just had a panic attack an hour ago because I ate a slice of pizza. I feel like I failed before I even started. I get shipped February 10th. Why am I even joining the army."
696,neu,"I started getting panic attacks about 2 years ago... at least I think that these are panic attacks... 
It‘s almost exclusively at night, mostly when I‘m in bed later than usual, because I was out (and also drinking a little bit)...
I also have cardiac arrhythmia and and an implanted ICD, so everytime when I feel palpitations I get scared that I get an ICD shock (even though my last shock was 2 years ago).
When I have that feeling I start shaking, as if I was cold. But I can stand up, walk, talk, etc.
Sometimes I also have to go to the toilet very often. The shaking takes about 30 minutes until it stops... 
Of course I‘ve been to the doctor and he came to the conclusion that there is no physical cause for these symptoms.

It helps when somebody‘s talking to me during these attacks, but since most of them are a night, I don‘t want to bother my partner too much.
I also take electrolytes, because my doctor told me, that my heart may have a tachycardia because of the lack of electrolytes...
Last night I found out that listening to podcasts also helped.

Does anyone else have similar symptoms? Do you have any tips how I can calm myself down?"
697,neu,"Waking up this morning, I started to feel very anxious but tried to keep it under control. My husband came upstairs to tell me he was leaving to go to work. I ended up on the bathroom floor, with my face to the floor, sweating profusely, ringing in my ears. He kept droning on about, “why do you do this to me?” He begrudgingly got me a water, complaining the whole time, also annoyed at which bathroom I was laying down in. I think I managed to say something like, “I can’t fucking help it,” before throwing up on the floor. I know he doesn’t understand, but couldn’t he be a little more helpful instead of guilt tripping me about being late for work during a panic attack?? I’m supposed to go on a flight with him in two days time, and I despise flying. It happens to be because of a sports team winning a game, again something I care nothing about and am essentially doing for him! I’m wishing I could cancel my trip and have him go alone."
698,compound,"I read several times now that tachycardia and palpitations aren't healthy in the long run. I've been having an accelerated heartbeat constantly since almost a year now and the doctors say I'm fine.  
Yesterday, after drinking some alcohol, I had another of these very strong heart palpitations and heart speeding when I was lying in bed. These panic moments make me so weak, I feel my heart skipping beats and racing and it just feels so unhealthy, as if my body couldn't take it much longer. Luckily I don't have pain.

I just worry so much that this will slowly kill me. I just read about this thing called ""holiday-heart-syndrome"" which perfectly describes my situation. Constant stress, heart racing after alcohol consumption etc. And I don't even drink often or too much. Apparently, if not treated (and I've been having this since many months) it can cause real heart issues, or make your heart weak. This is just what it feels like.

So should I be worried? I will do a long-term EKG for 48 hours soon (my doctor wanted me to do this to be safe). I am so afraid of this and don't know how to survive this any longer. I simply can't ignore my work (working on my Master's Thesis), so stress is not an option, I can't prevent it.

Thank you and best wishes. Also, happy new year!"
699,neu,"
Hi everyone. December 28 I suffered from pretty much a string of 4-5 panic attacks right after using a Target brand nose spray similar to Afrin. I had been anxiety prone before that but never experienced something like this. It was the most traumatic thing I’ve ever experienced.  Literally I had been using the nose spray because of being sick for 3 days with no side effects and that day, I felt like I was about to die and could not calm down. I went to the PCP who prescribed me Klonopin because I felt like a shell of myself. I had no energy whatsoever the day after to the point where I could hardly take care of my kids let alone myself. The Klonopin seems to be helping, but I’m just worried.. will I ever feel like myself again? I feel like everything has been sucked from my body.. all happiness, I have no appetite or anything either.  Ugh..."
700,neu,"Mine started in December 2017. They come and go. They lasted almost daily for three months, then disappeared and came back randomly. Then they started again in November. My daughter got so sick, it triggered panic attacks after she got out of the ER. The day of her appointment with the specialist, I had to leave work because my panic attack was so bad, I thought I was dying. 

My own health seems to have gone to shit in the last month. I’m so nervous all the time and my doctor wants me to see a cardiologist. So of course this makes it even worse for me. She ordered a ton of bloodwork. I am so nervous about the results I cannot function. I got most of the results back already, and I don’t know what they mean. If I look up the results, it just makes things worse for me. 

Yesterday it was awful. I couldn’t even enjoy my New Years Eve with my family. My husband was supposed to go join his family out of state, and I couldn’t handle being alone. My family is gone for the holiday and his family was also going to be out of town. I felt like I had no one and became so anxious and had a severe panic attack and cried for him to stay. He didn’t go with his family, but now I just feel guilty and more anxious than before. 

I am having a rough start to the new year. Hopefully you can all understand what I’m going through."
701,neu,
702,neu,"I have bad panic attacks before sleeping - I will die in my sleep, I will stop breathing, noone will find me for days if I do die, My throat will close up or I will have a reaction and not be able to breathe and so on and so forth. I have medication which I have taken to treat the physical symptoms and help me relax however my brain can't switch off to this and now the medication has added a contributing aspect - that the medication will relax my body too much and my body will stop breathing while I'm asleep and basically die.
I have tried all the tricks under the sun, every mindfulness meditation, yoga, CBT, breathing exercises, limiting screen time and reading before bed, camomile tea, even Kalmz to try and switch this off and the majority of the time I get through it and wake up and everything is okay. Around 10% of the time I barely have an hours sleep, the dread and fear just overwhelms and I have zero control. 
Coming to this page helps me so much to know I'm not alone here and that other people experience this but right now I still think I am going to die in my sleep so won't be able to have a good sleep unfortunately. 
Even writing this all out, out of my brain is slightly helping the pressure but not the innate fear. 
That's a bit of an epic post I realise but it helps to get the thoughts out of my brain! 
- And to anyone that has made it this far and experiences similar panic episodes to this, do you have any foolproof tricks or tips for any future sleep panics?"
703,neu,"Ok 2 months ago I had a panic attack for the first time, it left me shaken. The day after that I had a small miniature attack, and since then I've had multiple mini panic attacks. I had a full panic attack 1 month ago. When I get a mini one even if I think why I am having the attack I normally come up with nothing. When I come up with something it does not make me panic in the least. The symptoms for my big attack s are, Sweating, Intense Fear, Hard to stay still, stomach butterflies, racing heart beat,  it stops for a few seconds then continues getting gradually stronger till it hits it's peak. My mini attacks have symptoms of, racing heart beat, butterflies, and a feeling I can't describe. I'm 13 and I do not even remember what I thought for this to happen, the mini attacks happen in the morning, evening, and night. Even when I have a mini attack I can be happy and excited and have the symptoms. What is this and how can it stop? 


Extra info. My grandma and mom have Panic disorder, I believe my insane level of doubt is a reason I cannot put my finger on why this is happening. When this started I recently was prescribed a higher dose of Prozac for my ADHD and anxiety, my anxiety only affects my stomach. With doctor approval I switched to a different adhd medicine. It helped but these attacks are still not gone."
704,neu,
705,neu,"Does anyone else have a slightly higher than normal heartbeat at almost all times unless you're laying on the couch or sleeping? My heart rate is always in the high 70's when at work. I associate that with me being constantly anxious, just curious if anyone else also found that to be true for themselves."
706,neu,"I have an appointment next week with a therapist that works with these approaches. My panic disorder revolves around feeling physically ill or the anticipation of feeling physically ill. 

The worst of my attacks happens when I have to fly overseas. I'm an American living in Spain, so when I visit the USA I have a 6-7 hrs flight with a 6 hour time zone change. I'm not afraid of flying. My trigger is how awful I feel from lack of sleep and the uncomfortable nature of flying (no fresh air, enclosed spaces, etc.). 

I've done years of CBT &amp; mindfulness and it's been super helpful controlling the ""general"" part of my anxiety but when it comes to such specific events my panic attacks are seemingly out of my control."
707,neu,[deleted]
708,neu,[deleted]
709,neu,If yes how much and your experience with it
710,compound,i felt a out of body experience feeling. i’ve felt like this before and blood pressure was high and so was my tempature i went got test everything is fine. now i felt this out of body feeling when i got up and i kinda started freaking out mouth started getting dry fast heart rate then started feeling like i wouldn’t be able to breath what happened
711,neu,"In the middle of a panic just now and doing anything to try to take my mind off it. You cant see this but I'm struggling to type which is very disconcerting. Anyway, my story starts 21 years ago. Nothing drastic, just my heart going into a weird rhythm. I was young, it was new year and I had had a great night out with my Gf at the time and we were laying in bed nursing a hang over, watching crappy tv and eating left over chicken sandwiches from a dinner my mother had made earlier. It just came on. No warning no nothing just battered by this wave of utter panic. My  heart going from 70/80 to 150 all the way past 200. I didnt even know it could go that high. Unimaginable heat, crawling on the floor to the bathroom to splash water on myself. 

It wasnt a serious thing, thats what everyone tells me anyway. A few hours on antiarrhythmics and I was back to normal. Of course that wasnt until two weeks later when I finally got proper treatment. They just called it a panic attack and sent me home that night. Took two and a bit weeks of going back and forth before they found out what was wrong. Been stuck with constant anxiety ever since. 21 years, and every single year from the 1st to 17th it gets so bad. Blood pressure is currently fucked. The lowest its been is 134/87, but as high as 156/117. Cant get my heart rate under 100. 

I mean that one thing that could have been so easy to deal with got kicked around and now Im stuck with the constant sense of dread. Nothing is simple anymore. Nothing is just a headache, nothing is just a bit of trapped wind. Everything is the worst case scenario until it isnt. Im just stuck and I cant move on from it. Im stuck in that fucking hospital bed listening to the old guy across the way going on about toast. The guy next to me who wouldnt stop farting. And not normal farts, really water smelly farts that made you feel like you were eating with each breath. And then moustache guy directly across from me. He just started at me with dead eyes. Turned out he was having a seizure of some kind.

I think I feel better now. Kinda drained, but my heart doesnt feel so fast. Maybe rambling all of this nonsensical miss mash of information was a good thing to focus my mind on. Lets check. 130/85, HR 87. Not great, but better. 

Probably shouldnt post this, but fuck it. I hate January."
712,neu,"So in the last year I’ve started monitoring my body when I’m having a panic attack with a few things, including oxygen meter and blood pressure cuff. One thing that I’ve noticed is my temperature consistently drops at least to 35.9 degree (i usually run around 36.4) (in fahrenheit those are around 96.5 and 97.5 respectively). So I am dropping around a full degree around this time. I am curious about this as anything I’ve read tells me anxiety will actually cause a spike in body temp due to adrenaline. This leads me to wonder if something else is happening in my body and I’m just panicking once my body detects that change."
713,neu,"The last week or so I have increasingly had a weird feeling of motion sickness/lightheaded/jumpy vision/cant read or concentrate. Anyone else had this?? 

I recently switched meds. Its beyond frustrating and scaring me"
714,neu,"Either what I get are panic attacks or I'm dying. I've left all my homework to the last minute like usual. I've got too much to do, I don't understand half of it either. I've had two weeks to do it but I've wasted all that time because I have no motivation. Now I'm panicking. My symptoms are fast heart rate (136bpm when I just checked), feeling really hot, shivering, feeling like I cant breath. My vision has little stars in it that dart across my eyes. Really don't know how I'm going to do this work while feeling like this."
715,neu,[deleted]
716,neu,[deleted]
717,neu,"I have OCD, depression and anxiety and it seems as though it ruminates around my fiance. Does anyone else experience this? Because it is incredibly rough."
718,neu,"I just had a panic attack. At least I think that's what it was. I took my dog out and felt like I was going to puke, so I rushed him back inside. When I was on the elevator up I became super dizzy and my body felt super hot and I felt like I KNEW I was about to go down. I recognized immediately that I was having a panic attack and tried to regulate my breathing and take some deep breaths. I became progressively dizzier and when I got to the lobby on my floor I stepped off the elevator and I fell to the ground face first. Gave myself a nice shiner under my eye. I rolled on my back and felt the cold floor and just breathed. I probably laid there for 5 minutes. Cameras are in the lobby but I guess that shows me how good the security is in my building that noone even noticed me laying on the floor with my dog looking worried af.  

I managed to get up and made it about 20 meters down the hall and boom, I needed to sit down. I sat on the floor with a really hard time breathing or holding my head up. I just closed my eyes and waited. A few minutes went by and it occured to me to call my boyfriend since he lives 5 mins away from me, I got out a few words ""I think I need help"" and he started asking me questions about what was going on. We stayed on the phone and I told him to hold off and just talk to me while I sat there. A few minutes later I was able to get up and get to my apartment. 

Now I'm just sitting in bed, icing my aching eye/cheek, stunned, and scared of this happening to me again. My first big panic attack sent me to the ER because I thought I was having a heat stroke. Now I'm laying on the floor on the lobby of my apartment complex that is in a pretty shady part of town. It's not exactly safe for me to be incoherent on the floor of my lobby when noone even watches the cameras apparently. I'm just stunned."
719,neu,Just had a panic attack and it’s kinda worn off. But I’ve got really sore legs and my chest area feels kinda heavy on the outside and I can’t sleep. Is this normal for a panic attack?
720,neu,"30 y/o male and have never had this happen.  

Around Thanksgiving I was woken up by a strange sensation in my mouth which I Can only describe as waves in my mouth.  I became sick to my stomach, got the chills, my heart was pounding, and I thought I was either having a stroke or a heart attack.  I was convinced I was going to die in my sleep.  I became sick for 5 days after this incident.  So that’s what I wrote it off as.

Since then I have been woken up by this sensation several times which starts with a feeling of a runny nose then the mouth sensation, pounding heart and chills.  This feeling has terrified me and has me constantly worrying that I’m dying or that it’s going to happen again.  If my nose actually starts to run my heart will start pounding or if I breath in warm air it seems to make me feel like it’s going to happen again.  Even thinking about this feeling makes me feel like it’s going to happen again.

I’m curious if anyone else may have this sensation, and if being sick seems to bring on panic attacks.

I had blood work done and everything looked good but had fluid in my ears.  I described my symptoms to the doctor and she seems to think it could be panic attacks.  

Thanks!"
721,compound,"I’ve been having quite a few panic attacks a day lately. I recently quit my anxiety and mood stabilizer meds, so I’m in rebound anxiety mode. Usually, they have me on the floor, but I was at a friends house, so I tried to control it by reminding myself that it was a growth process and to overcome through a positive attitude and accepting it. I was able to stay for another half hour before I left. I felt proud that I didn’t leave right away when every part of me felt like running. I thought I would choke, as it’s happened before, but I was happy that I did not."
722,neu,"I have them at work.
In the shower.
When I'm driving.
When I'm trying to relax.
When I'm going to bed.
I've also been suffering from depression for the longest time.
I feel so fucking empty inside.
My confidence is gone. My motivation. My self esteem. My self worth."
723,neu,[removed]
724,neu,
725,neu,When my mom came downstairs said she woke up from hearing me walking down the stairs and didn't hear any screaming.   Everyone in the house are also light sleepers so I definitely would have woken everyone up if I was actually screaming.  Are these type of things normal?
726,neu,"I've had classic panic attacks before but it's been a long time since the last one and this felt different. The past 24 hours have been stressful. This morning I woke up and had weird heart palpitations that weren't painful or anything. Just felt like my heart sort of went into a  overdrive, but inconsistently. I had other physical symptoms that are associated with panic attacks but the one thing that was missing was the feeling of dread or panic. Is this a thing or do I need to go see a doctor lol"
727,neu,Fcuk trump and that virus in china
728,neu,- Deleted. Apologies.
729,neu,"I’ve only had a few panic attacks in my life but I pretty much know what to expect when I have one. Heart beating fast, hyperventilating, uncontrollable shaking or fidgeting, having a hard time standing up, things like that. But the other night was about 10 times worse than any panic attack I’ve ever had. 

I’m about to head off to college and I’m really dreading it. Knowing myself and how I handle stress, I can just tell that I’m going to get overwhelmed at some point and either have another panic attack or spiral into a depression that keeps me from going to classes. So as I’m sitting watching tv I start to think about college and get this sudden uneasy feeling. I get out of bed and I am so overcome with different feelings that I just lay down on the ground and start sobbing. I start saying “I can’t do this” over and over while I cry. I try to sit up and calm myself down but my legs are shaking uncontrollably and my heart is racing. I start to think that I won’t be able to calm myself down and I just scream out of frustration and fear. I felt like I was trapped and there was no way to get out of the situation I’m in. I was in a seriously dark space in my head and it felt like everything around me wasn’t even real. 

Finally I grabbed my phone and called my friend who talked me through it and helped me relax and come out of my panic attack. She’s a lifesaver and I’m so glad she was willing to talk to me. After I got off the phone with her I took some deep breaths and got back in touch with my surroundings. I was drenched in sweat and I felt physically and emotionally drained. 

I’ve never felt more out of control than during that panic attack and now I’m terrified that with college starting soon I’m going to have another one just as bad or worse. I know I’ll always have at least one person I can call if I need to but it took me a good 15 minutes of feeling like I was going to pass out from panicking before I was rational enough to pick up the phone.

Is there any way for me to prevent this from happening again in the coming weeks? Or are there at least any good tips to help me stop my anxious thoughts before they turn into a panic attack?"
730,neu,"Worst one I have ever had. I don’t even know if this was normal I really thought this was it. I was dying. Nothing has ever as scary as this. I’ve had plenty of them in the past year.
Symptoms:
Vision closing in
Body felt limp and numb 
Couldn’t breathe 
Heart beating faster than ever 
Everything felt slow motion 
Fuzzy feeling 
Pulled over and got out and took a walk 

Are these normal? Is this a normal panic attack? I don’t know what happened."
731,neu,"Hello I first want to say I hope everyone who experiences any form of anxiety or panic attack I know it sucks and I hope you are able to find comfort in your discomfort.

My panic attacks are triggered by physical sensations. Example I have chest pain = heart attack or stomach pain it’s something worse. I have a huge fear of pain and dying and it really takes a toll on my daily life. I always feel I am on edge and a panic attack is just around the corner. I am exercising and changing my diet but honestly that doesn’t really stop them.

When I don’t have panic attacks or anxiety I don’t think about it or worry about them but when I have an episode it takes a couple days to get back to normal.

I don’t take any medication for this problem but I regularly speak to someone once a week and he seems to think it’s just mental and from childhood experience (parents divorce) Idk I feel like my childhood was bad compared to some of the stories you hear. 

If anyone has any tips or tricks to help live a more calm and panic free life please let me know"
732,neu,
733,neu,Hi all. Not sure if this is common but my psychiatrist said he would stop prescribing me ativan. I currently use maybe 5-6 0.5 mg a month. I dont see how this is an issue but he says the medication isnt for long term use. I am on the verge of having another panic attack just thinking about this! WTH. Does anyone else have experience with this?
734,compound,"I’m okay

I’m fine

I’m okay

I’m fine

I’m okay

I’m fine

I’m okay

I’m fine

I’m okay

I’m fine

I’m okay

I’m fine

My world isn’t ending and my room isn’t getting smaller. The people that care about me aren’t conspiring behind my back and saying nasty things about me, it’s all in my head and not real. I’m okay and I’m fine and everything’s okay and everything’s fine. I’m crying because it’s a release of pressure not because I’m panicking. I shouldn’t feel apologetic for asking people to stop calling me or overwhelming me with loud noises, it’s normal. I’m normal. Life is good and I am good and I am happy. 

Everything is fine. This is how life is sometimes and no one can touch me inside my personal space and even if they do they can’t get inside my head and I don’t have to listen to others or feel what they’re feeling because all I can feel is happiness. 

I’m cool. Everything is cool. My life is how I want it to be and more than what I expected so I am happy. No bad people here, no bad feelings here.

I just felt like I was going through a haunted house right now but it was all in my head and I am fine because I am in my own shell and people are only allowed in if I let them and how others act has nothing to do with me unless it’s a direct response to something I’ve actively done. I’m laying in bed and haven’t done anything bad and so many people love and care about me and want to see me do good. So I’m okay and I’m fine and my life is perfect and I’m happy. This moment is not my life, this moment is a trigger and it will not ruin my day because this is my day."
735,neu,"About 2 weeks ago I had my first experience with a panic attack, and now I feel like I’m constantly on edge about to panic. I was trying to grocery shop, but as soon as I walked in the bright lights, big open space just got to me. I suddenly got very, very dizzy, felt my body pulling to one side, confused even when looking at familiar things, shaking, shortness of breath. I just don’t know how to deal with this, and the thought of going grocery shopping again sounds like instant doom. I’m also now infinitely worried about going to other places, and especially driving!! What am I supposed to do if I panic while driving?!! I just need some advice on steps to take to lessen this suffering. Help please!!"
736,neu,I’m so sluggish and sad the next day. It’s all I can do to get out of bed. Does anyone else get this the day after?
737,neu,"Ok so today is my first day without effexor. I have slowly tapered off from 225&gt;150&gt;75&gt;37.5 and now nothing. Today was a doozy. 

On edge the whole day. Had to distract myself to try and not think about it, working from home. 

Couldn't focus. Didn't help that the smoke from fires has blown in and it is overwhelming (I'm in Australia) and I couldn't get away from it. Had 2 -3 close calls on full on panic in my safe space. 

Not to mention noise from two beautiful children all day (1 and 3) mixed with a sniffle of depressive thoughts. 

I just want a few days of no pills so I can transition onto something more effective. Any recommendations friends? Of course I will talk these to my doctor. 

Is it so much to ask to feel like you aren't a leech on society or your poor wife? At least on effexor I was somewhat functional."
738,neu,"Hey guys I'm on public transportation with no toilet available and I reaaaaally fear that I will lose bladder control, can't even tell if it's the panic making me feel that way or if it might actually happen l. Do  you have any info to help/distract me pls?"
739,compound,I had my first ever panic attack Saturday it went on for a while really freaked out. Everyday since then I’ve had at least one. My cousin and mom have them as well but they told me they have a episode and then won’t be bothered for them for sometime. My question to you guys is this something I have to deal with on a everyday basis? Is there any natural remedies or natural pills that help? Is there any way to stop it from creeping in? Any tips on how to handle this would help soo much. I am a 24 year old male in the US idk if that helps at all. Much love thanks!
740,neu,I had my worst panic attack on Friday night and since then i haven’t felt myself I haven’t been eating or sleeping properly I always feel tense and stressed I have a counselling session booked for Wednesday evening but I want to try get to sleep tonight and I’m really struggling and was just wondering if anyone has any tips for managing to get to sleep
741,neu,"TL;DR: I am dating someone suffering from panic attacks, please explain all you know to me as if I were a child.

Hey there anxious people, I have some questions for you. I have never really suffered from anxiety or panic attacks but a month ago I started dating this girl, all is going well except her anxiety is getting really bad and she keeps having panic attacks. What can I do to help? Should she seek treatment? Does this stop at some point? Is medication good? I just want to know more so I don’t feel so helpless when she starts panicking.

Thanks in advance for your answers."
742,neu,I am having waves of panic attacks I can't really study I tried to sleep but it doesn't get better.
743,neu,i was fine one minute. then i suddenly got really tired and at the same time really panicky. my chest feels heavy and i can’t do anything without feeling like my heart will beat out of my chest. i cannot calm down at all and it’s been the better part of an hour. i have history of heart disease in my family so anything to do with my chest freaks me the fuck out and i never know what to do. does this sound normal for a panic attack? or would you recommend i seek medical attention?
744,neu,"I’ve been on an SSRI for 12 years. I still have panic attacks.

Is this just a hazard of my broken brain? Or a sign I need more/different medication?"
745,neu,"This is a little long but bear with me, I would really appreciate some advice! 

I’ve struggled with anxiety and depression since I was a teenager (I’m 29 now), as well as emotion regulation issues stemming from previous abuse. I’ve had plenty of panic attacks over the past decade, and while far from pleasant, I’ve never actually thought I was going to die. 

A little history on the physical illnesses: I was diagnosed with gastroparesis (paralysis of the stomach) almost 3 years ago. After being sick on and off for 1.5 years my condition rapidly declined about a year ago and I lost 80 lbs in just a couple of months from not being able to keep any food (or, eventually, water) down. I had multiple surgeries last spring, including a pyloromyotomy (the muscle that controls the opening from the stomach to the small intestine was cut and reformed to create a larger opening).  I had a PICC line (a catheter placed in through my arm and threaded up to the main vein that supplies blood to the heart) giving me IV nutrition, which developed a blood clot and had to be removed. I then had a jejunostomy tube (feeding tube) placed to bypass my stomach and pump liquid nutrients directly into my intestines, and a gastrostomy tube placed into my stomach to vent and drain excess fluid and gas build up. I’ve since had the tubes removed and am doing relatively well physically. 

I also deal with  autonomic nervous system dysfunction and recently have had a few fainting episodes. I am currently under the care of a neurologist, cardiologist, and gastrointestinal surgeon so I know that anything new that goes wrong is something that’ll be caught pretty quickly by one of my specialists. 

Okay all of that being said, over the past month I started having panic attacks on a level that I didn’t previously realize existed. I get anxious about my health, and I’m (understandably, I think) afraid of getting really sick again, but I have a lot of years of both CBT and DBT under my belt and have a ton of well-practiced distress tolerance skills to draw upon. Because of this, I can usually cope. About a month ago, I was sitting on the couch, nice and calm and feeling safe and out of nowhere got hit with simultaneous flashes of hot and cold and felt like the world had just dropped out from under me. I told my boyfriend I felt weird and that something was wrong and less than a minute later decided that I needed to go to the hospital. I could barely breath, I was shaking so hard I physically couldn’t stand, my hands and feet were cold and tingly, my chest hurt, just the whole gambit. 

A couple minutes after that I told him we didn’t have time to wait to drive to the hospital and had him call an ambulance. Let me just say, over the past few years of being so sick that I was literally starving to death I never ONCE called an ambulance. I would be almost convulsing on the floor from pain and intense vomiting and still never called an ambulance. Even when I thought I had a blood clot (I was right), I didn’t call an ambulance. That’s how terrified I was. Long story short, it was a panic attack. My electrolytes were a little out of balance but I was relatively physically fine. 

Since then, I’ve had several times where that same level of panic has tried to start up and it’s only through a combo of Xanax, very well-practiced DBT skills and my incredibly supportive bf who always seems to know just what to do, that I’ve been able to keep just enough control over my brain to not go to the hospital. 

I see most of my specialists again this week and my psychiatrist next week and will obviously be discussing this with all of them. Since these attacks started up I’ve seen them all and had all sorts of tests run to make sure there isn’t actually something physical going on (72-hr heart monitor, seemingly every blood test known to man, an eeg, etc). 

Even though I know that it is unlikely something else is wrong with me physically, at least anything that would put me at risk of dropping dead, I’m having a really hard time convincing my brain of that and I’m getting exhausted from constantly battling either the panic or the anxiety that the panic is going to start. I know this is something I can handle, I’ve overcome mental issues that were more difficult than this (for me at least) but right now it’s debilitating and scary and I’d be so, so grateful for some advice. 

Thank you so much to anyone who read this essay😊"
746,neu,Just started at 20mg a day and had a panic attack yesterday. It says that it can increase anxiety for the first weeks. I’m scared of going crazy...
747,neu,"Last night my boyfriend and I were about to fall asleep around midnight. He was facing my way and was cuddling me and then all the sudden turned the other way. He started to kick me kind of and I figured he just wanted me to turn over and put my arm around him or something but I was tired and was about to fall asleep. Then all the sudden he starts hyperventilating out of nowhere and is literally shivering. I have NEVER seen him do something like thus ever. He is the most happy go lucky person there is. Then once I finally calmed him down he dug his face in my chest and started to cry and shake. Again, never seen him do this. We’ve been together for a year in a half and I’ve never even seen him cry. Then after about 15 minutes he was completely okay and just held me and fell asleep. Is this something I need to worry about? I’m afraid he will do this again and I won’t be here to help calm him down. It was just a complete shock because he was fine one minute and then the next he said he got scared and just couldn’t breathe. It just doesn’t make sense.. He doesn’t struggle with any kind of disorder."
748,compound,I'm sure plenty of people know already know about it but tranquillene has been my savior. Recently just started having panicked attacks randomly as a 27 yr old Male. Tried therapy and exercise and nothing would help. A friend put me onto this natural supplement and it has been absolutely amazing
749,neu,"I just had a panic attack in front of my 3 year old while holding my 8 month old. It’s hard writing this as I feel a bit emotional and tired. I kept snapping at my 3 year old and I could tell I absolutely scared her. I just needed her to stop asking me questions and needing my attention. I was holding my very sick 8 month old who is lethargic so was falling asleep in my arms. My mind tends to warp reality when I panic. I was on edge to call 911 because I thought my baby stopped  breathing and I felt absolutely hopeless (Impending doom is what we call it I guess). 
My fiancé came home and stayed on the phone for the drive which is 40 mins. In that time I calmed down and my baby fell asleep and I apologized to my 3 year old. 
I have noticed an increase in panic attacks lately. I think It’s from exhaustion as having two kids (and sick at that!) means I am getting only a few hours of sleep a night if I’m lucky. 
Has anyone had experience with having attacks while children are around? How can I ensure I won’t scare my kids? I know I need to work on how to handle them because I am a stay home mom with no one I know personally close by but it’s so hard. I’ve had panic attacks for the past 10 years on and off... I’m 31 now, 

Thanks"
750,neu,"I (f) don’t honestly wtf is going on but for the past year or so I’ve frequently been having panic attacks or just an incredible sad, empty feeling come over me after I masturbate. This isn’t the usual ‘guilty’ feeling that pretty much everyone gets. And I for sure know that getting a panic attack like this especially isn’t a norm. I kinda just figured that it had to do with how little serotonin/ dopamine  I must have and my body not being able to deal with a big release of it suddenly. I guess I’m just really wonder if anyone else has had something similar at least."
751,neu,Just looking for some helpful tips
752,compound,"So over the past couple months I've noticed I've been worrying alot more than usual and I've been getting anxious alot. So today I was at work and I was shaking ffrom about 6:30-8:30 non stop as well as just not being able to stay still. Then at around 7:30 so about an hour i got really dizzy and my whole body was shaking my legs went jelly and I was just crying. My heart was beating really fast as well. This has happened before at work and at school. I don't know if it's just a build up of anxiety or stress and I thought this would be a good place people could tell me what's going on. Luckily some of my colleges noticed I wasn't right and I went upstairs to calm down, breathing slower wasn't helping. The other stuff went away but I was still shaking. And now a couple hours after my shift had ended my legs still feel like jelly. I don't know what to do. Can someone help please"
753,neu,"I was wondering if sugar or caffeine could rise anxiety or cause a panic attack. The last time i had a attack was when i was eating candy. After that i never really ate anything with sugar in it besides fruit. Does anyone else relate to this, or have any advice?"
754,compound,"This is my first time sharing anything on a forum like this, but I’m hoping it might help. After reading some of your stories I feel safe enough to share mine as well. Thanks in advance if you feel like reading on: 

I’ve had panic disorder and gad for as long as I can remember. But it wasn’t much problem for most of my youth - I was able to complete high school and college, build great friendships, travel a bit, and perform well at work. During these years I seldom felt the need to medicate myself. I had an emergency prescription of clonazepam that I used a handful times, but most of the time my panic was easy to manage myself. When it did flare up it would usually be in a social setting (usually a party or pregame), and when that would happen I would just drink until it went away.  This approach got me through college and the first couple years afterward. But that soon changed. 

After graduating I moved to Austin TX and began working for an exciting automotive tech company. The first 2 years went really well. I became very focused on my job and worked my way into a managerial position by age 23. It was a fun time in my life. I didn’t love Austin but I loved my job and the freedom it gave me. Looking back I like to think of this period of my life as a honeymoon phase — all of this was so exciting and new which I believe caused my periodic feelings of panic to fade for a while. But it came back. Hard. 

In June 2018, a few months before my 25th birthday, I was standing in line at chipotle when I proceeded to have the most intense panic attack of my entire life. Things got dizzy, stationary objects looked like they were moving around, pressure started building my head, and my heart beat out of my chest. I honestly thought I was having a stroke. But I went to the ER and sure enough all my tests came back normal, leaving me confused and scared. Mostly because those symptoms that hit me in chipotle kept coming back almost at random. It took me 6 months of tests and doctor visits to learn that what I was/am suffering from is chronic vestibular migraine, which causes my panic to spiral out of control on a daily basis. 

The attack that day was so profound that it reduced my quality of life almost immediately. I suddenly found myself feeling terrified by normal tasks like grocery shopping, grabbing coffee, even driving. I began working from home full time, and by December 2018 I had to stop working completely and move back in with my parents. Ever since then I have been desperately trying to find ways to bring this condition under control. 

Treatment for this is tricky - do you treat the migraine? Do you treat the panic? Is it a combination of both? The problems I began facing early on is that the traditional meds used for migraine were triggering panic attacks, and the traditional meds used for panic (ssris and snris) were giving me HORRIBLE side effects that ultimately made my panic even worse. I did find some relief with a few supplements (l-theanine + coq10), but it’s not enough. Interestingly, what’s been working most of all from a med standpoint has been clonazepam, which eliminates both my panic and migraine symptoms. Over the last year and a half I have used it sparingly (well aware of the dependency factor), but it’s unbelievable how much better I feel when I do take it. I feel like myself again. I’m able to get outside and live. I’m social again and in good spirits. When I’m not on it I am typically a panicky wreck, curled up in my bed wondering if I’m going to pass out or literally die of a heart attack. 

I did have a few days of hope about a week ago - I had started taking this new supplement called Methylfolate which made me feel wonderful at first. Then things went way south a few days later, with side effects sending me into a state of full panic that I’m still dealing with as I write this. In a way though this has helped me reach a point of clarity, which is that I think it’s okay to rely on something that I know works (clonazepam) for a little while so that I can begin to rebuild and heal myself. I know that it’s not ideal from a medical standpoint, and if it increases my risk for certain things later in life then so be it. All I know is that I’m 26 years old with so much life ahead of me, and I can’t keep hiding like this and living in overwhelming fear. 

If you read this far, thanks so much. I’m glad this community exists and look forward to tackling this monster together. 

- Spe"
755,neu,"I've been all this past day dealing with a lot of anxiety, many times almost having a panic attack and it's all because of the weird feeling in my head :( right now it's a little bit of pain that comes and goes in the back of my head. I'm worried that I will have a stroke or that I have a tumor in my head. What makes it worse is that I don't know how much of this pain is real, how much is my anxiety making it seem worse than what it really is or even if there is any real pain at all. I have wanted to talk with a doctor about it but I have went to the doctor so many times already for many different things, like these past days I've been thinking a lot that I could have arthritis, stomach cancer, bone cancer and an imminent stroke. Usually my anxiety is not so difficult to manage unless is specifically about a symptom in my head or heart, most if not all my panic attacks started with a pain/weird feeling in my head or in my heart."
756,neu,"Hey guys i am not native english speaker so i apologize for any mistakes i did writing this text.
My Journey begann in July 2019. After graduation  i went to the disco with my Friends and the music was so loud  that my left side of chest hurt a lot, i left the disco club after 10 minutes and called my mother and i was saying goodbye to her and that i love her because i thought i was about to die.that was my first panic attack  i guess, soon after that i started to feel depressed and empty inside, i got scared so much i never wanted anyone to leave the home and leave me alone. Soon after everyone left home i had strongest  panic attack ever, i grabbed my chest and started praying to god to save me and my soul, after that i called 911 and went to the ER, they checked Lung o2 levels everything good, blood work was also good, they did ecg everything good, eeg and mri head were also fine nothing suspicious. That calmed me down for a few days and i started to feel depressed i wanted to take my life away becase i could not live  with  this pain anymore. I went to mental asylum for 3 weeks and that kind of helped  me because I knew i was not  alone and that people were experiencing even worse things than that ever since end of August 2019 i had not had any panic attack just anxiety and fear  for my future and that if i would do something similar like in summer of 2k19 that i would feel like that again.  
Muscles spasming was never something i ever experienced , my left side of chest spasms for 2-3 seconds  and then it stops, that burns and feels like someone electrocuted me for a few seconds , my cardiologist also found nothing i had long time ecg, long time BP, everything is okay..
What should i do? Everytime i experience some kind of pain in my left side of chest,  my trauma  from July 2019 comes back and i feel empty , lost and depressed  and have suicidal thoughts again..."
757,neu,Any drinkers suddenly one day having sudden palpitations and anxiety attacks?
758,neu,"176 people dead!!!

I have two 7 hour flights coming up!

WHY DID THIS HAPPEN

AM I SCHIZOPHRENIC FOR THINKING THE UNIVERSE DID THIS ON PURPOSE TO SCARE ME?

I truly believe the universe is out to get me
To make my life HELL

I JUST WANT PEACE....

I'm so upset

Those poor fucking people

I can't stop imagining myself as one of them

FUCK"
759,neu,"On the 31st I'm getting all 4 of my wisdom teeth removed. I asked to be put to sleep, but I know that being put to sleep requires anesthesia, which is done by IV. I fear that I'm going to have a panic attack once they start to insert the needle in my vein, and I just dont know how I would calm down. My mom said that I need to stop feeding my fears, but it's just so hard when my mind automatically thinks about it? Is there any advice on what I should do?"
760,neg,Sorry for cursing... but I fucking am done. I am done with daily 12/7 constant hard panic attacks. It's killing me every time. I want to kill myself. Why can't I be normal like most of people? Pathetic. I hate myself so f.u.c.king much.
761,neu,"Hi I’m 19 and I was an avid drug user for a while. Marijuana 24/7 for about 2 years and alcoholic for about 1 year. Decided to venture off into psychs and took like 10 tabs of acid and really fucked myself up. Until about now I have been suffering with panic attacks derealization and just a genuine worry that reality was gonna fall down in front of me and I was not actually alive. Easy to say it’s been a living hell.

I had panic attacks for a while and kept drinking on the weekends but it seemed every time I started getting better during the week the weekend drinking and smoking weed would fuck it up. 


My first spell of attacks was right after the big dose of acid and btw it was liquid and I thought I would only be taking a tab or 2 but the guy said after I took it oh no this is for very experienced people so that’s good and would’ve been nice to know. Anyways for the next 4 months I thought I was dying everyday I was worried it would be my last


I tried everything exercising , eating better , meditation medicine ..... nothing worked. 

Last month I had a week of just constant panic attacks and it put me right back into the cylce at this point I was so done and had to do something.

So instead of just trying everything to stop it I just started not caring and that’s how I’ve started beating my panic attacks just acting like they do not exist. It’s very hard and I still have derealization but I also just act like it’s not there it’s easier said than done but all I was doing was feeding into my anxiety instead of just letting go and not caring.

I’ve learned the only way to get over anxiety is to just live and let the feelings come and go. The more you fight it the more it will happen. I was someone who went to the emergency room constantly. But now I enjoy life again and if I start feeling symptoms I just let my body experience it cause I’m not afraid to die anymore I’ve come to accept it . 

Sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes I’m just writing this to see if it can help anyone ! Thanks for your time. If anyone needs help lmk"
762,neu,"I’m struggling. 


“I can’t breath. I can take the deep breaths to get to the bottom of this but god, my feet are tingling. Can I walk? I don’t think I can, when that happens, my hands freeze up. 1,2,3 breath 1,2,3 breath. Still with the numbness in my feet and hands... can I have it all together yet so apart in my brain?"
763,compound,"I’m sharing this resource in the hope it can help some of you out there. It is the method or “cure” developed by Dr Claire Weekes. Yes, the elusive “cure” - she helped and cured many in her lifetime. 

In short, her method involves: facing, accepting, floating and letting time pass. 

Her cure is about developing the right inner voice and strength to deal with any of these panicky moments. For example, she says that you must make up your mind to accept the strange feelings, although still afraid of them, you will gradually lose your fear, because the decision to accept releases a certain tension and reduces the intensity of your symptoms. You do this by floating past the feelings (as if on a cloud or water) without resistance. Complete loss of fear will eventually follow.

It makes a lot more sense if you read her books. I read “Complete Self-Help for Your Nerves” but I’m sure any of her other books would be equally as helpful. 

Please give it a go if you haven’t already!"
764,neu,Getting desperate. Would do electroshock therapy if it even helped. Hell I'd had brain surgery to stop this shit.
765,neu,"Ok long story short. I wrote a thesis in college, it was to be printed and bound and mailed to my parents address since I moved out of state. This was 3 years ago. Twice a year I call the school, tell them I haven't received it and they assure me they will send another. 

It's been 3 years.

So today I email the dean of the college, 2020 is when I'm fed up. I get an email back about how they have sent it a couple times and it's confusing how I haven't got it. 

Here I am freaking out at my desk. Are my parents lying? Is the school lying? Does the mail keep getting lost? 

Best part is the only person I trust in this situation is the mailman. My parents and I have a strained relationship and at one point the school tried to expell me. Do I make the school hand deliver my thesis? Do I make my dad go to the school to get it?

tl;dr: I don't know what's been going on for 3 years and someone is lying to me but I have no idea who."
766,neu,
767,neu,"(That wasn’t drug related or because of public speaking) Is it normal to feel like you can’t breathe, no matter how much air you get in your lungs? Not like hyperventilating, I tried to stay calm, but I felt like I was suffocating"
768,neu,Can really strong vertigo or feel imbalance happen during panic attack?
769,neu,"Hi! I just found this subreddit and I'd love to hear what helps people get out of that panicked state. I've been having pretty frequent panic attacks over minor things. Screaming,  shaking,  dizziness, hyperventilating, feeling like I need to hit myself to feel something other than what I feel inside. I dont feel in control of myself when I'm like this. It's hard for me to take a breath and tell myself it's not worth it.  Its affecting my relationship and I feel horrible for the way I act when I'm like that. I dont feel any anxiety or bad thoughts when I'm not in that state. I've had one appointment with a professional and was supposed to receive a referral letter. Months passed, and finally after multiple emails and calls later I have an appointment on the 21st but that's still a few weeks out. I'd just like to know what helps some people. I've tried writing, putting on some music, finding something to make myself busy and I just can't."
770,neu,
771,neu,"I’m supposed to go on a day trip about 1.5 hours away from my house and my agoraphobic tendencies are flaring hard. I’m not fully house bound, but even going to the store for 30-40 mins can take all my energy. I’m deeply petrified to be far from my house, and I’ll be using public transportation since I’m going to a city. I’ll be there for at least 5-6 hours and all morning I’ve been crying and I feel paralyzed with fear. My chest is burning/feels right and we’re supposed to get dinner and drinks there and then see a show, but idk how I’m going to sit and act normal through everything. What do I do? My panic is at a level 10 already I just can’t even fathom going. Help :("
772,neu,"Hi guys so I have had my panic symptoms change before once I get to a place of not being afraid of how I'm feeling it's like my body tries to mix it up. 

This one is new though now when I get anxious I get really cold and get goosebumps. Has anyone had this before? I just feel like my mind is running from me and telling me these awful things even though when I calm down the goosebumps go away and I dont feel cold anymore. 

I dont know can anyone help?"
773,neu,Anyone else get light headed/very dizzy as part of your anxiety symptoms. Not during the panic attack but the thing that causes them?
774,neu,
775,compound,"Would anyone be interested in helping me develop or just like to see a zen style game (like the zen mode of smash hit) that depending on your HeartRate would change to a scene that your heart rate statistically calms down in.  It would also have lofi type music to calm the user down, and if anyone is great at making lofi music that would be great too!  Just let me know."
776,neu,"I don't want to waste your time with useless backstory, so I'll jump straight in to the three attacks, and answer specifics in the comments. All three attacks were brought on by intense emotion, but they are not related to each other. 1 was about A, 2 was about B, 3 was about C. 

Last week I started to have an attack, but since I've never had one I didn't know what it was. My girlfriend is extremely emotionally aware, and she suffers from both types of attacks. Right when I said I don't feel good and wanted to go to the bathroom ( thought I was throwing up), she told me to put my head in between my knees. She helped control my breathing and it went away after 5min. She knew what was happening. 

I got really upset that this is what she's been feeling. Two nights later, I'm researching panic attacks/disorder on YT (mostly for her). As each video goes on about the symptoms, I can feel them coming, I insta turn the monitor off and focus on my second monitor with a video game. I pulled myself out of it with the hyper focus of the game. 

Yesterday, I was thinking about something that has been stressing me out a ton lately. I felt it coming. I immediately told my GF. Spent 5minutes with the attack. It stopped and I just sobbed. She started telling me wonderful things, and I was laughing crying. I would go from genuine laughter to genuine sobbing withing split seconds. Like a manic episode. That lasted a good 10min. 

I'm 25 with nothing ever happening. No depression, no anxiety, no feeling lost in emotions. I smoke pretty regularly, and had smoked different amounts before each of these attacks. I'm an extremely emotionally open person and I'm the happiest person I know. Why are these happening now? Will I get more? The thought of having another terrifies me. Let me know what you guys think."
777,neu,"Hi! This is my first post here. I’ve experienced panic attacks since I was 6, and I’m now 21. This year has brought on a lot of changes and traveling alone. 

I don’t necessarily have a fear of flying, I just seem to get really bad panic attacks when I’m traveling alone. My fear is that I will be in a new place, have a panic attack, and have no one to turn to. My parents have always been there for me through them, but now because of distance I rely on their support through Facetime. 

I’m wondering if this is something other people face and what they do for this?"
778,neu,"I don't know if I am just overthinking but there are times in each day, especially at night, that I will get a sudden fear of the unknown and my body starts to get numb. My heart doesn't race that fast and I don't hyperventilate at all, it's just normal but I will have a hard time breathing and I can't just move because I am too scared to even move in case anything bad will happen. Help me. :-("
779,neu,"I am having a panic attack and thinking about calling out of work or applying for a medical leave which is making the panic attack worst.

What if I can’t get promoted after this? What if I get fired or written up?

I just want to die"
780,neu,
781,neu,"I have been smoking for quite a while now. A few nights ago I had what I believe (and the ambulance) to be a panic attack, this was caused by me taking an edible and smoking too much, and then suddenly getting very worried about my rapid heart rate which lead me to believe I was in some sort of severe danger, An ambulance came and made sure I was okay, and everything checked out fine except for having a slightly faster heart rate than normal. Since the evening of the panic attack, I have smoked considerably less than what I would have done for the previous years having just 4 or 5 very small tokes throughout the entire day. I have been feeling slight discomfort in my chest on the left side which I started to experience yesterday, I seem to have a slight loss of appetite, very sweaty palms and feet, I am finding it hard to concentrate on something and stay still. I seem to be getting very frustrated quickly and this is 2 days on from the panic attack. My question is, could this all be tied in to the panic attack I had a few nights ago, or could I be experiencing these symptoms from my major cut down of weed since the panic attack occured."
782,neu,
783,neu,
784,neu,"Hi guys, I'm a first time in this sub, and generally new to reddit( so apologize for grammar errors etc). I've suffered from general anxiety my whole life, and just recently ( last year, year and a half...give or take) from Panic attacks. Now the panic attacks are extreme in the sense that my chest tightens up, I feel an intense feeling of doom, and numbness in my hands, arms, fingers etc. My doctor has tried me on a few different types of SSRI's as well as SSNI's to which no success. The latest one I've tried was Effexor, and it made me anxiety ten times worse the first 2 days I took it. Also the side effects were terrible. I  have a history with drugs and alcohol and have genuinely cleaned up my life. I sometimes have a beer or two to help with my panic, and I know this is frowned upon, but sometimes it's the only thing that helps. What other medications would you guys reccomend? So far I've tried: Trazadone(for sleep, Citralopram, Effexor, Ativan( 0.5mg for panic), Amityptolene, and none of those have helped. But I'm willing to try other stuff, plus my doctor is pretty open and willing to experiment until I find something that works."
785,neu,
786,neu,"I was reading in bed last night when all of sudden I felt like the words in my head that I was reading were blaring out loud in my head. I know that’s kind of confusing but it’s like when someone texts you in all capital letters. All of sudden, I started freaking out, little by little, more and more. The words I was reading  in my book started getting gradually louder and louder and louder until I was in a full blown panic attack and I couldn’t feel my entire body. At some point in a rush (I don’t remember because I was scared) I jolted out of bed and stood up. 

From then on I started spazzing around uncontrollably, because I had no control or feeling of my body. It was the worst panic attack I’ve ever had. The only thing I had control of was my brain. I kept trying to sit still but in reality I was just moving back and forth and making more noise and spasming back and forth helplessly. Eventually I wrapped my head around the situation and calmed myself down. 

This had NEVER happened to my before in a panic attack. I’ve had several before. I take Wellbutrin everyday for anxiety and Buspar as needed for attacks but I have never lost control of my entire body like this. Is this normal? Should I be worried? I lost complete control of my muscles..."
787,neu,
788,compound,"Hey (throwaway),

For a few months I (19) have been involved in a relationship with a girl (18) who has been suffering from panic attacks. She has been to therapy, is currently on medication and as far as I know hasnt had an attack for quite some time.

Me and a friend of mine wanted to go to a festival (world club dome) and had a ticket to spare. So I asked her to join us and she was happy that I asked her. Her family on the other end not so much. They quickly talked her out of it in fear of her having an attack.

I obviously dont want to pressure her into anything and would feel pretty bad if I talked her into coming with us and then she would have an attack. So I didnt. 
But (I surely dont have any grasp of what you guys go through when having a panic attack) I am not a fan of the ""trying to avoid anything that *could* be a trigger"" because it just hinders you from doing the things you want to do.

My question now is what is your point of view on this and more importantly do you think it would be a good idea to kind of ease her into something like that (so starting with a smaller, less dense festival)? I really want to help her to ""get over"" (not to sound like a douche but I hope you know what I mean) this - because she sounded extremly excited to go to a festival...

P.S. clubs are no problem for her and she looooooves to dance 


In advance thank you soooo much I hope someone can help me to help her :D"
789,neu,"Espiclaly when trying to sleep or attending like church or any other relgion related program my mind tends to go to things like: is god real? what happens when we die? I'm probably gonna go to hell.., what if the universe is random and ill just fade out of existance. Then I get immense sweating , a wash of dread through out my body, headaches, feeling i'm gonna through up, and sometimes I can't really move my body. This has casued me lack of sleep as I am legitimetly scared to try to sleep and will do anything in my power to distract my mind (reading, phone, music, anything im desperate) until I am so sleepy it takes me like 5 min to sleep (not enough time for my thoughts to escalate)"
790,compound,I been on a little dose sertraline for 1 year for my anxiety. Last Wednesday I went out drinking with some friends then slept all day on Thursday (like usual when I have a hangover) didn’t think anything of it till I couldn’t get out of my bed till Saturday and had some stomach pains And been dizzy not feeling like my self since. Today same thing but I just got a pain in my jaw and feel like my throat is closing and I am started to think that I am going to have a heart attack because heart attacks can come on in days. I got all the paperwork done in the summer to check my heart and they said everything was fine so I don’t know if this is anxiety or not ? (I also chew tobacco and don’t go more then 2 hours without having one and I have had 1 chew in 4 days)
791,neu,"Ok i think i just had the worst attack of my life. I just got back from the ER.
Short story, i had anxiety and panick syndrome before, but never strong like this.
I was making a road trip, and in the middle of the road i started to feel both my arms tighten and i couldnt move, my heart was beating really fast, and it got worse bc the nearest ER was about 35min, so i got to a point where i was pretty sure it wasnt just the panick, the doctors took an ekg, blood and urine test and came out all normal. Seriously i cant believe that was just my mind, i couldnt move my body. And felt a vibration all over my body, the worst thing i’ve ever felt. 
I drank a lot of alcohol yesterday, so i dont know if it has anything to do
Have any of you guys experienced this before?"
792,neu,"I’m about to go on a 14 hour then a 6 hour plane ride back to the United States for college, and i’m looking for some advice! 

Planes scare me. I’m on the window seat for the 14 hour flight, and I’m really worried about feeling trapped, especially when everyone’s tray tables are up and it’s meal time. If I think about being in a metal tube miles and miles up in the air for too long, I also start to get panicked. One of my main symptoms is nausea, which has developed into emetophobia - I’m really worried that i’ll feel sick, or someone around me will feel sick. Those are the main problems I think I’ll run into, but I think planes are generally just not great places for people like us hahah

Any tips or advice on what to do when you’re in a plane?"
793,neu,"Hi all,

Hope you're all having a great day so far.

I wanted to briefly share my panic attack story and wanted to ask if this is common or if anyone has done the same?  
So, I've had a big history with Insomnia, at the very least it will take me an hour to manage to drift off to sleep. The last few weeks have been rough on me sleep-wise.

One evening last week I tried to get an early night after feeling exhausted all day and being a bit slower than usual at work. All night I lied there tossing and turning and getting up for cigarettes, at one point I let out a big sigh and rolled over and checked my phone, to my dismay it was 04:40 AM - I had been lying there for around 6 and half hours and I had to be getting up for work in 50 minutes.

I started punching my pillow in anger at the fact I was going to be going to work feeling even more exhausted, my new job is going well and I don't want to ruin it, after punching fuck out of my pillow I lied down and my mind started racing overtime thinking thoughts such as ""OMG, I'M GOING TO BE SO BAD AT WORK TODAY"" and ""I'M NEVER GOING TO GET BETTER, THIS IS IT NOW, I'M NEVER GOING TO BE ABLE TO SLEEP PROPERLY AGAIN"" and then my heart rate went crazy, i got really hot and started sweating and was short of breath. I was having a panic attack, it last around 10 minutes (felt like an hour)

  
Has anyone else ever had the same issue? Getting a panic attack caused by frustration? Sleep deprivation really fucks with your mind."
794,neu,
795,neu,"Hi all, 5 months ago I had a bad experience with THC (mild psychosis along with severe panic) which budded into daily panic attacks. Initially my panic was purely physically-oriented; I worried I was suffocating, or having a heart attack. I felt there was something physically wrong with me. Since then, I struggle more with the psychological side of things. I constantly worry that I am 'losing my mind' and that I am going to develop schizophrenia or psychosis. I feel extreme psychological distress and panic, which escalates to the point where I feel I'll never be able to get out of it, and that something has to 'snap'. When this happens, I feel as though I can't concentrate on anything, that I can't think clearly... reality will feel far away, dreamy, and perhaps 'evil' or ominous... along with a myriad of other physical sensations. For me, I know my panic manifests from my thoughts; thoughts about the ""true"" nature of reality, the power of the mind (and its overlap with reality), the potential to disconnect from reality, the potential to think myself into 'insanity' etc all create quite severe, debilitating, and ongoing psychological distress within me. I guess I'm firstly wondering if anyone else experiences panic like mine, and I'm also wondering how I'd go about overcoming this particular type of panic? People generally cite the cure to panic disorder as accepting the sensations, and perhaps even 'leaning in' to them, however I'm unsure how that works for psychological panic and thought-based panic. I do of course still get many of the traditional symptoms of a panic attack (shaking, lightheadedness, nausea, chills or overheating, derealization), but its the mental part that gets to me- the feeling I may lose control and suddenly 'break' from reality, whatever that would mean for me, or that reality is unreal or unsafe. I really feel like I'm going insane, and it can feel like reality is crumbling down around me. Any help is appreciated."
796,neu,"So, the title kinda says it all. I have been having anxiety and panic attacks for about a year now. I’m on meds, I go to therapy, but truly ever since my dog died and my aunt had a brain tumor removed back in October my anxiety has just been steadily getting further and further out of control. 

Last Saturday, I had a seriously bad panic attack with a possible combination of my blood sugars dropping low and had to pull over in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night to calm down. Ever since then, I’ve feared driving at night and being in cars at night. I had another, less severe panic attack in the car with my boyfriend Saturday night, and it ended up with us having to return to a friends and spend the night. So, I’m trying to work towards being able to drive at night, since I can’t be scared forever and it’s making me not be able to keep plans that would cause me to drive at night. 

Why am I so scared I’ll have another bad panic attack? I get why, but how do I get rid of hypotheticals? Do I need to be on anti anxiety meds? I’m on antidepressants and I have tried CBD but it didn’t seem to work. My anxiety is bad in general at night."
797,neu," 

I've seen many people on Reddit who've asked similar questions but mine is a bit different: to what extent have they brought you back to living your original life? For instance: say you were a person that used to be able to go up and down tall buildings and mountains and what not normally but your anxiety stopped you from doing that. Or you used to love flying but now dread the thought of it. Have SSRI's or other anxiety medications helped you return to the person that you were before? Can you know manage heights without a sweat, or hop on an airplane without a second thought, etc.? What about dependency? How long have you taken medications for? I know each person is different, but for you, are these medications a lifelong solution or do you plan to stop eventually?

Asking because everything seems to have stopped working for me - CBT, ""herbal supplements"", and meditation. All the while my panic attacks have gotten to the point where they happen every day and almost for the entire day and they've become extremely debilitating.

15 M btw.

Thanks in advance."
798,neu,"When I have to go outside, my stomach starts hurting. It gets really bad and its hard to stay calm outside. Ive had days where I was in the public and my whole body started getting warm and my legs started feeling weird and I thought I was about to vomit. Situations like these make it hard. Is this what a panic attack is? I dont know what it feels like"
799,neu,So the backstory is that I ate a lot of shrimp. Now I’m talk like 2 pounds of shrimp so obviously I found out I had a mild allergy because of that. I went to the hospital and got an iv and the doctor didn’t really see signs of my throat closing or anything and thought I maybe just had a mild reaction and panicked. For the last three days I have been having panic attacks to a pretty severe level to the point where I left work today. I have tried breathing and I mediate everyday as well as wim hof breathe. It seems as though my throat just tightens up at random times in the day and if I keep swallowing that’s when the panic sets in. I thank you all for any help you can give me and wish you all well in your journeys!
800,neu,"Health anxiety, heart issues, lung issues what’s real what’s not

I don’t know what to believe


Last Friday  I had a pulmonary function test I’ve been dealing with chest pain shortness of breath for the past couple of months no answers multiple CT scans all sorts of bloodwork scans of the legs mri of the head and it’s all negative. Today while trying to figure out and get to the bottom of all the symptoms I was doing a pulmonary function test a test for you blow into a machine I was a bit anxious I remember sweating and me telling myself oh it’s my anxiety I have been diagnosed with panic disorder and PTSD since they can’t figure out nothing wrong with me I have seen cardiologist pulmonologist and now seen a neurologist that Hematologist cleared me it’s not genetic.  all I remember is the tech telling me where you a premature baby because your O2 level is 90 and your heart rate is 120 you’re 26 your levels should be at 100 Everything from there went black I woke up in an emergency room spent about eight hours there with no answers they did a ultra  sound of my legs more blood work negative d dimer ekg good and my o2 levels were at 98/100 for about 6 hours 


I asked the doctor what happened why did my oxygen drop she replied well we’ve been monitoring you for a few hours and it’s been at 99/100 I noticed when I start walking or doing some form of exertion it drops to 96 9593 91. There’s so much rumination going on in my head my pulmonary embolism was six years ago and it was provoked from knee surgery I have the same symptoms but this time they checked my legs they have done plenty of ct scans on my chest and can’t find clots. My oxygen levels have never been this way my D dimer was high a few months back now it’s normal I’m so  worried here. I see the pulmonologist on Thursday . When I was at the ER the nurse said oh your oxygen might’ve dropped due to a clot passing and that made my mind spiral. I go to therapy for my panic disorder, ptsd. I’m trying to hold it together here I don’t know what to believe anymore. My pulmonary embolism was six years ago they say it was due to my knee surgery which makes sense because I had my PE two days after my knee surgery. I suffered for a year I got better and I’m getting the symptoms again but this time it’s not clot. Why would my oxygen levels be so low the positive d dimer I was putting it in my head that maybe 


I might be manifesting the symptoms due to the PTSD but now my primary is Telling me that my oxygen levels being that low changes everything oxygen shouldn’t change with any mental disorder unless you were hyperventilating but I checked your pulse ox right now and you weren’t. She thinks it’s cardiovascular related but my echo came back clear ekg good stress test done a month ago good cardiologist doesn’t think it’s heart. I don’t know what to believe this pain I feel is real it’s just strange I’ve been suffering for five months oxygen  levels being low is new to me. The pain isn’t. I’m so confused I’m only 26 here I’ve been dealing with chest pain and shortness of breath with dizziness and feeling like every night is my last for 5 months now. what’s going on with me."
801,neu,
802,neu,I don’t know is it the right word or whatever but do you get a head rush what comes out of nowhere like boom before your panic attack starts
803,neu,"Hey all. Just had my first ever panic attack. Went straight to calling 911 within 10 seconds of the on rush. Didn’t know what it was so I demanded to go to the hospital. Thought it was a heart attack or stroke. Scared the shit out of me and my family. 

They gave me a Valium after 2 hours and some tests. Now I’m home. I’ll take my trophy or badge now."
804,neu,"I’m a physically healthy 26 year old man, and I have anxiety and panic attacks. I’ve had countless moments of panic, and I can typically recognize panic and calm it down. This instance was different. I became nonverbal, I was convinced %1000 I was dying, that my heart was failing, that this was it. I was alone in the street with groceries in my hands and I yelled at two strangers walking nearby to help me.

I feel very shaken as it just happened about two hours ago. My parents are very worried. I’m not on medication or in counseling of any type. I’ve been on meds in the past and been in therapy. I don’t know what to do. Im in a new city and I don’t know doctors here. What do I do? Thank you"
805,neu,
806,neu,"coming down from a panic attack and can’t go back to sleep. i drank last night so i’m assuming that’s what my trigger is. i’m back on my meds and i’ve been okay.

i lost my insurance this new year and i owe 400 dollars to my insurance company so i can’t go to a therapist bc i can’t afford it. i think my meds is only 30 dollars so that’s not bad but i’ve just been having PAs more often and been feeling way more anxious lately and i need something else

my girlfriend is asleep with her arm wrapped around me so that gives me comfort but my heart rate is still going down and i’m just uncomfortable"
807,neu,I have panic disorder and I usually was never scared of the dentist when i was younger (I’m 17 now) and idk why I’m so terrified just sitting in a confined place for hours cause i need fill ins terrifies me so badly. Im crying cause my mom was yelling at me cause the appointment is this morning and i kinda lost it?? Like it was the type of panic attack where i couldn’t talk and i just cry and i kinda get this bout of selective mutism and I literally can’t explain why I’m in so much distress. I’m so sorry if this seems frantic just it helps me to type stuff out.
808,neu,
809,compound,"Hi team! Wondering if any of you have insight into supplementation alternatives to benzos? I suffer from chronic vestibular migraine which triggers daily panic attacks/high anxiety. I find that my standard dose of 0.25mg clonazepam is unbelievably effective at alleviating these types of migraines, but I don’t necessarily want to get into a situation where I’m relying on my benzos more than needed. 

I’ve tried every migraine medication under the sun, also tried standard anxiety preventatives (ssris, snris) — and everything I’ve tried has either done nothing or made my condition worse with vicious side effects. 

I’ve experimented with supplementation a bit and have found l-theanine to be helpful for anxiety, and coq10 to be helpful in lessening the severity of my migraines. But I’m wondering if there’s a way to better replicate the effects that clonazepam has on gaba? Do you know of any that either increase effectiveness of gaba or aid in its synthesis in the body? 

Thanks in advance for your input!"
810,neu,"Hey I know some of you have posted that you’ve gotten a weed panic attack. So have I. I took about a month break, and have slowly began smoking again and feeling more in control of the feeling of a panic attack. Like to recognize it’s just panic really helps you not freak out. I don’t know if this is good, but I liked smoking before this and it sucked that this kinda started and I felt scared to smoke because of it and probably made it feel worse. But hey I feel a little better now but only by smoking in small doses over a period of time now instead of smoking a lot in one sitting. Idk if this helps anyone I’m ranting sorry."
811,neu,i know something horrible is happening. or going to happen. or already happened and i just don’t know yet. i feel like i’m going to suffocate. or i’m already suffocating. or i already suffocated. i can’t get a full breath. i can’t think. i can’t sort through the thunder and lighting in my brain. i don’t know what to do. i feel like i’m going to die. i feel like i’m dying.
812,neu,"I was watching a video about 20 minutes ago of a guy with schizophrenia being interviewed. It freaked me out a little bit just imagining having the disorder, and I began to have irrational thoughts because I'm 20 which is a very common age of onset and my heart started racing and I starting panicking. I felt like I was going to lose my mind, but I was able to calm myself down. I have anxiety and have had panic attacks before that were much more mild. Can anybody confirm that this sounds like a panic attack and I'm not going crazy? lol"
813,neu,"Hey all, gonna try to make this as short as possible with all relevant info! 

I am 21. When I was around 15 I got way too high one time and had my first panic attack that triggered a panic disorder along with the dp/dr that often comes along. I made a full recovery minus a panic attack here and there, but for the most part no issues for a number of years. Fast forward, I'm a Junior in college. Life has been going otherwise great, but at the beginning of the year I had a massive panic attack that has sent me in a spiral. Heres the issue: I live with 8 other guys (all good people and great friends). About 4 of them (the seniors in the house) love drugs, two of them are particularly keen to psychedelics. Because my initial panic attack came from drug use (although it was marijuana which even I have used since then with no issues) for whatever reason being around psychedelics makes me extremely anxious / paranoid. Heres where it gets crazy, even I admit its a massive over-reaction, but as you all know panic attacks just dont seem to care. I continually have massive panic attacks in my house. Started at beginning of year when I was around one guy who was taking a ton of acid. The paranoid side of my brain that was dormant for so long just flared ""What if it got on the table and you touched it etc etc etc"" you know how it goes. I was just freaking out at the thought that I might start tripping than go insane etc etc. Because of the semi-frequent use of psychedelics in the house, I now have panic attacks just about any time I use a shared thing (pots and pans, hand towels, etc etc). Literally its ridiculous, they would never deliberately contaminate anything in this house, but the fact that if it WERE to happen theres no way to reverse the effects and just the fact that its around sends me into panic. The most annoying part is Ive beaten this before, and my concious mind knows how insane this fear is, but for some reason I just keep having massive panic attacks, sudden adrenaline rushes, all the good stuff. I will routinely wash my shit 5 or 6 times in hot water to make sure its clean, lock my room even when I just go down the hall. Honestly just wondering if anyone has some tips for a scenario like this. 

&amp;#x200B;

Just a note I should add : these guys honestly only use harder psychedelics (more than weed) very occasionally. As in its hardly ever even actually around, and I know that, but panic disorder side of my brain doesnt accept that fact. So its not like my roommates are being assholes and torturing me, they are actually super cool guys. Just wanted to make sure I didnt make it seem like a me vs my roommates issue. This is 100% my anxiety coming back and Im just looking for tips or advice"
814,compound,"I have struggled with anxiety my whole life. Hypochondria, panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder have been the most dominant. However, lately I can't escape this awful feeling that something bad is going to happen to my family when I'm not around. 

Right now I'm working. My wife is home, likely asleep bc she works from 7pm to 3am in a emergency room and my kids are at school. I know all of this to he true. However. Lately everytime my wife or kids arent around I'm worried. And not like ""I hope they are ok"" but more like dredd and fear. I texted my wife thinking she will answer when she wakes up, but the text doesnt say ""delivered"" and that sets me off. When this happens I dont want to call pr text bc I dont want to seem controlling. I honestly dont know how to deal with it. I'm always waiting for the thing i love the most to be taken from me. 

Has anyone else experienced this particular type of anxiety? The feeling that you need to protect your family 24/7. It's been the worst to get a grip on. If anyone can share any techniques they found helpful in keeping this at bay, I'd love to hear these suggestions because its consuming me and I need help."
815,neu,"I will probably delete this but I just needed to vent. Just overslept my dentist appointment. I am so upset with myself I feel like I can’t do anything at all right this week I literally hate myself for doing that I have no idea how that happened I feel like the dentist is mad at me now, I have to reschedule it now I just am seriously so upset and want to break down that I did that. I can’t stop thinking about it and it sucks so much and I feel so horribly upset with myself. This feels like the end of the world I’m so upset with myself"
816,neu,"I’ve been dealing with PD for almost 2 years now with at least one panic attack a day. Last 6 months or so I’ve been doing CBT with my therapist. After 6-7 sessions with her I noticed drastic changes and had a solid window where panic never ever crossed my mind, probably 4-5 weeks straight. 

I “relapsed” this past weekend. I had a great weekend, went to a wedding with my girlfriend, went out with her family, we spent time with mine. All around perfect weekend. Nothing bad happened. No triggers, nothing. Just randomly went in to flight or fight driving home Sunday night from my parents. My girlfriend has been around since I first started to get my attacks so she knew right away what was happening without having to say a word. She told me to pull into the gas station because she had to use the restroom but I really knew she was telling me that so she could take over driving (and of course when she came out she volunteered to drive the rest of the way home) 

I don’t know what happened. That was Sunday, it’s now Thursday and I’m back to my daily attacks and of course thinking about them again since this one came out of the blue. 

I know this isn’t something that will go away permanently but everything was going so well, how do you guys handle these sudden changes? I’m going crazy over here just wanting to be able to go through my life without having to wonder if I’m having yet another panic attack or if I’m actually in danger."
817,compound,"So It has been about 4 weeks since my last serious panic attack. I found medical MJ and it seem to do wonders. I ran out last week, I didn’t actually have a prescription a friend got me a medical grade anxiety stain. But I ran out about a week ago. 
Today at work I noticed tingling in my left hand. I decided to go home a little early and when I got home loads of stress occurred, my two year old would not stop tantruming, we are buying a house and issue with the contractor came home, I start to think the tingling is coming back and also am feeling it in my left foot now. This worries me and I do the worst thing I can do, look up heart attack symptoms. Pretty soon I am convinced it’s my heart. I take an atavan which makes me sleepy but I can feel myself fighting it thinking that if I fall asleep and am having a heart attack I’m screwed. I starting thinking I could not get a full breath, and thought I had small stabbing chest pains. I laid down for a bit longer, then all the sudden, about 30 minutes ago, I’m okay again. 
In the back of my head I’m still worried it was heart related. I’ve been to the er for different symptoms but always thinking its my heart and all tests indicated I am okay. Idk, I hope I’m okay,"
818,neu,"Just had my first major panic attack last month and was rushed to the ER thinking I had a heart attack. 

I've had symptoms almost every day the past two weeks. I've tried everything. It just wont stop.

Today, I've had slight pressure on the right side of my chest throughout the whole damn day. Later on my right arm started getting this tingling/burning sensation and now its on the right side of my face. 

Now I'm home and nauseous. My heart isn't really racing right now and my blood pressure is 140/93. I was prescribed Zoloft on Monday, and the doc advised it may give me nausea.... but all three symptoms together just freak me out. 

Is this how it usually is?"
819,neu,"I’ve been a happy person for most of my life.Yesterday I suffered from the first panic attack in my life(or anxiety attack).I am a constant weed user for 3,5 years and clean from any other substance for 2 years.I was in a really bad mood with bad thoughts leaving and coming every minute.I smoked and got high but still had that bad feeling.After 2 hours of being high the wrong time, I smoked another one.When I finished it I started feeling scared and anxious, my chest started feeling the weirdest pain of all,started shaking and full of bad thoughts..after that I finally managed to sleep at 7:AM.After a complete day I still fill anxious, feared and without interests.Is it normal?"
820,neu,"Hello all,

I’m 35f I had never had a panic attack until this summer..
I was at the theatre and suddenly a strange feeling came over me. I felt like I was going to be sick and pass out simultaneously. Then came the chest tightening.. I had to get out. Stumbling blind from the lack of air I left the show and I sat shaking and sweating outside wondering what had just happened? I went to the GP to be told that I had a panic attack. I was given beta blockers and it was suggested I undertake CBT. Cut to New Year’s Eve.. I decide to be social, I had been out with friends prior to this but it was an open space. The venue was dark loud typical club.., and again that all too familiar feeling came over me. I left the venue and started off the year with an Uber driver. I just don’t know why this is happening. The correlation between the two incidents being 
1. Dark
2.Loud
3.lots of people
4. Closed off

I’m annoyed as those just happen to be my favourite spaces. 

Any advice?"
821,neu,"So randomly (usually around night when i am watching tv or something) I’ll get random pains in my stomach area but the will change every night and be specific, like one day i will feel something right side of my body by my ribs then the next day it could be around my upper chest. It doesn’t really hurt that bad it just feels like something is there. After I feel it I just start panicking and don’t know what to do. Is this normal ?"
822,neu,"I didn't understand why since the beginning of the month I've been getting treacherous nocturnal panic attacks, but now I think I'm starting to get it. It's 2:30 am on my 21st birthday and I'm still calming myself down. I have a history of seriously fucked up birthdays, I mean legitimately traumatic. I've had high speed car accidents, faced police brutality and ended up hospitalized, I've been dumped, cheated on with my best friend, beaten, attempted suicide/ overdosed, had a person start assaulting people at my bday party and had to have them forcibly removed by police, lost best friends. Always on my birthday. This is the first year I didn't plan anything because I know it always goes to shit. But because of the trauma I've gone through on my birthdays, I'm expecting doom, I'm scared. I think that's why I'm having panic attacks... What helps you guys calm down from panic attacks? What do you do if past trauma triggers an attack?"
823,neu,"My panic attack symptoms
Weird feeling that i cant describe 
High heart rate
Increased blood pressure
Feeling hot and cold 
Shaking
Tremors
Hands and feet cold 
Hands and feet tingling 
Crying
Urge to go to hospital 
Increased urination 
Headache 
Weird feeling in head
Tingling in parts of body
Any of these sound abnormal?"
824,neu,"I was finally over these and now they're back and I am so frustrated and feeling so down. I'm having a panic attack now and it's like I know what it is but its still so freaking hard and I just need someone to talk to that gets it. 

How did you get rid of your morning panic attacks?"
825,neu,"It has been a while since I had panic attacks, I was confident I didn't have any anymore but all of a sudden yesterday I had a panic attack when doing group work. I had to cope until I went back home. Today it worsened. I noticed it happens last periods or the few last periods. I also noticed it triggeres when people move. Meaning when they move their hands or legs or body I start to feel more dizzy and lightheaded and the symptoms worsen."
826,neu,"I have been feeling a tingling in my head (left side, mostly in the temple) for two weeks now and I'm scared to death, because I'm constantly scratching my temple and I feel it, but a bit weaker. I'm so scared, that it can be something serious. I'm trying to distract myself, but no avail. It's 00:31 in here, and I can't do much, and probably I won't be able to sleep like this."
827,neu,"I have struggled with anxiety for about half of my life but in my more recent years I have had a handle on it. Haven’t had a panic attack in years. Lately my anxiety has been creeping back in. Every year when the weather changes I deal with anxiety and depression. I can’t stop thinking negative thoughts and this feeling of a dark cloud looming over me is overwhelming. Since I’ve dealt with this for so long, you would think I know a way out but I’m struggling lately. Also- I should mention I have a son and since I had him, my anxiety has been very manageable, I’ve never had a panic attack in front of him. Now that my anxiety is coming back, he’s always the first thing I think of. I feel like I’m a mess and he needs to know I’m strong and he can count on me. The idea of having a panic attack in front of him makes my anxiety even worse.  Tips please. Or stories. I’m feeling very alone and just need a reminder than I’m not crazy 😰🙏😭"
828,neu,"I’m an old hat at GAD, but only started having panic attacks in September.  I’m pacing around at 3 am because it feels like If I fall asleep I won’t wake back up.

Does everyone else feel like they’re going to die if they fall asleep and/or wake up with a heart palpitation or gasp as soon as they manage to drift off?"
829,neu,"It’s been 3 days since I got my first panic attack.The obsessions  that caused it wander in my mind..in so depressed.I also quit smoking weed all day after 3 years..the withdrawal symptoms with the panic attack hangover are killing me inside.Im begging for it to stop, I’ve always been a so happy person..but weed made me obsessed with some things..let’s pray for better days.."
830,neu,"Just had a panic attack. Woke up feeling on edge. Decided to write about it. Doing that amped me up and sent me into the attack.

I was writing about my relationship with my mother, in childhood and now. I am certain she has complex PTSD as well as PTSD, and quite possibly undiagnosed Borderline Personality Disorder. She is/was massively manipulative, and emotionally / mentally abusive.

I haven't had contact with her for 6 months.

During the attack I started to cry (not normal for me) and wanted my mom. I was sorely tempted to call her and cry to her for help.

The abuse was only half of my relationship with her. The other half was filled with kindness, love, consideration, self-sacrifice, compassion, and fun.

But the bad was too much. It was hurting me at my core and negatively impacting how I saw myself and loved my life. So I chose to stop contact. Maybe forever.

Does anyone else understand what I'm saying here? The anxiety is because of her, and yet in the midst of it, I want her. Am I making any sense? My head is so heavy and befuddled."
831,compound,"So I have a thing with heights and stuff like that and from time to time , I get the feeling like something bad is gonna happen (related to distance , height,falling etc) . Just by looking at my phone right now I have a super odd feeling of ""it's close but far"" and I'm panicking. It happens to me periodically, once 2-4 months, sometimes I manage to restrain it and control it and it goes away, but sometimes I'm just straight up starting to shake and to move around the house bcs of that. I'm not sure what it is, bcs it has nothing to do with strokes , heart (panick attack stuff) but I thought you might be able to help. Cheers."
832,neu,"Probably my 6th time at the we in two years. Each time I thought I was dying. This time felt much different so I ran out of my house to the hospital. Only about  2 blocks. They did the trapoin, chest x ray, ekg, you all know how it goes. Everything is negative. They gave me 1 mg of Atavan, injected, about 2 minutes later I was completely okay! 
This one was really scary, I was shaking and my foot turned blue, it felt numb, I had a weird sensation in the chest that I never felt before. 
It’s tuff, these attacks are so real, no matter what, I cannot convince myself that it’s just anxiety."
833,neu,"Every day since I found out he might loose his job I’ve felt a pressure so intense that I’m sure I’m going to die, but every morning I wake up and it’s still happening. It’s the not knowing that’s unbearable. The only thing I do know right now is without his income we can’t afford our mortgage or car payments not to mention healthcare which is scary since last year I was recovering from stage 2 kidney disease at 32 and still have a follow up appointment with the nephrologist coming up."
834,compound,"Day 4 after my first panic attack.Just woke up.I think I found my smile again.I feel so much better guys.I admit I’m still stressed but what to expect from someone who quits  weed cold turkey, right? The panic attack hangover seems to pass away day to day.Im so grateful to this community.Now I feel experienced and that I can help too, give the aid I got from wonderful people, back.Thats a great feeling.Wonderful day to everyone I’m wishing."
835,neu,"I get Blood rushing to my hands and feet when I get these adrenaline surges aka ""panic Attacks"". are red dots... or not fits.. they're different shapes, but I got them on my feet. obviously everytime attacks happen I feel like I'm gonna die, just wondering if this is a thing that can happen?  my mind thinks allergic reaction but there's a lot of factors. thank you if you can answer Id appreciate muchly."
836,neu,"i've had 3 panic attacks in total so far, but the last one was so intense, i've developed a fear for having panic attacks. 

whenever i feel the slightest bit of stress, i get so scared of getting a panic attack, which makes me even more stressed 

doesn't help that i'm a student, which means i get a lot of stress everyday 

how do i deal with this?? i went to a doctor but they just said i shouldn't be scared of it happening again which was pretty useless"
837,neu,"Hi there,

I'm a 31M and I guess I've always had some form of anxiety but it has really amplified since having a child.

For context, I moved to the US 7 years ago and when I first got here I had difficulty sleeping - constantly having that falling sensation jolt me awake. I could only sleep with my wife cuddling me. My wife and I cut electronics out of the bedroom and after a few months I was able to get on a sleep schedule. Looking back I realize it was my anxiety around moving to a new country, leaving everything behind and starting a new.

Fast forward to the start of 2019, my parents unexpectedly split up the year prior (not mutual) and it's the home stretch of our first pregnancy. I start to get this stomach discomfort. Throughout the year I go through a bunch of tests and everything is normal. I should also mention my anxiety is at it's worst when it comes to my own health, I am a hypochondriac. I always think it's the worst case scenario and overthink things. In the years since moving here I get really stressed about seeing doctor's and also dealing with the American health insurance system (I'm from the UK land I find fighting with insurance and paying obscene bills foreign and stress inducing). On top of that I am now financially responsible for a tiny human.

My doctor's suggest the stress of becoming a first time Dad mixed with my own white coat/health anxiety is the cause. I'm perfectly healthy physically though.

I've been a Dad now for 10 months and he is great! However, over Christmas my wife took him on a trip to see family and when I realized they would be traveling back New year's Eve I got worried about idiots on the road and whilst watching TV I unexpectedly had my first panic attack.

It feels like a wave washing over me, I struggle to get my breath, adrenaline hits, and I'm so alert I think something is really wrong with me. When it passes my brain feels frazzled and I'm so tired for a few days. Then I get annoyed at myself for having it happen.

It's happened two more times since. Once was on the day they returned from their trip as I was nervous. The other was yesterday, I was playing boardgames with friends and it just hit me again. I don't know what triggered it but I have been on edge constantly telling my wife my perceived ailments.

I've been taking CBD oil since November but I'm worried it doesn't work or have the required effect on me now. I'm always exercising as I enjoy running and listening to music. I'm going to call my doctor on Monday to see if I can get back in to therapy to learn coping mechanisms.

I guess I'm just looking for advice, I don't like feeling this way and I want to be the best person I can be for my son and wife.

Thank you for reading!"
838,neu,I’m 16 I’ve had anxiety for a while now. But a couple of weeks ago I had my worse panic attack yet and ever since then I’ve felt terrible. My chest feels tight and my body seems to ache all the time at different points and I was just wondering if anyone else had similar symptoms and how they relieved them
839,neu,"Yesterday, while I was watching a youtube video late at night about some paranormal documentaries (I watch them quite often to be honest and never felt scared or anything) suddenly like out of the blue I got absolutely terrified.  


My eyes were stuck at the monitor, still watching, still listening to the video, but nothing from this video was going through me.  


It was dark in the room.  


***""There's something behind me""***  
I was absolutely terrified. There was literally no reason for it, there was no sound that suggests ""something"" is behind me, doors closed, windows closed I was in complete security, yet I was feeling awfully terrified and insecure out of the blue.  


The fear intensified to the point where I wasn't able to move. I was scared to even look in a different direction than my monitor. ***""THERE'S SOMETHING BEHIND ME, I'M GOING TO DIE""*** is all that crossed my mind. I managed to pause the video after 5 minutes of  plucking up my courage, although I was  frightened.  


It was all quiet now.  


It only got worse.  


It was getting hard to breathe.  


I was praying to god.  


I was trying to convince myself that there's nothing to be afraid of. I tried to take some deep breaths, which seemed to help a little. I stood still for 30 minutes. During all this time I was still terrified to look behind me, darkness filled the room which made it even scarier. I thought at some point that I'll inevitably die, that my life is already over. Eventually I decided to face my fear and accept my fate. I turned around.  


There was nothing.  


I slowly stood up. Still shaking, still stressed. I went to the kitchen drank some water, went back inside my room, turned on the lights and started crying on the floor.  


**I'm not sure if this is a panic attack, if any of this is normal. I experience such thing for the first time in my life. Please share your thoughts on what you thing about it. I really need to know what I'm facing. Is it a panic attack? Is it something else?**"
840,neu,"I’ve suffered from anxiety and depression for most of my life. I take antidepressants and it’s helped me tremendously over the years to help combat both of those issues.
When my anxiety peaks, it’s generally a discomfort and worry that’ll last all day, but it’ll usually pass within 24-48 hours.

Up until a few days ago, I’d only ever had a small handful of panic and anxiety attacks. Then, one recent evening, I had a panic attack that creeped up on me unexpectedly. It was the worst feeling of dread and doom I’d experienced in a while, and I wasn’t sure what caused it. Over the course of the next few days, I continued to have recurring attacks, bouts of severe panic, and even depersonalization on my worst day. I got SO depressed because I felt like there was something seriously wrong with me. I’d never felt that intense before in my life. And it had never lasted that long.

I was convinced that I was doing something new to cause this foreign anxiety. Believe me when I tell you, I’d never experienced this level of depression and panic before. And it wouldn’t go away. It was always lingering somewhere. So, I cut down on my caffeine and cut out any alcohol. I tried to mediate and do more breathing exercises. The panic just wouldn’t die down. I’d feel okay for a few hours and then it would rear it’s ugly head at some point.

On my worst day, I got extremely dizzy/nauseous during an episode. After the attack passed, I still felt extremely anxious. By the end of the day, the depersonalization kicked in. I didn’t even feel real. I couldn’t focus on anything. Eventually, I completely lost it and cried a few times because it was all just TOO MUCH. I kept thinking to myself “this is NOT me. There’s got to be cause for this. This isn’t normal.” Then it clicked.

A few days ago I started taking a new supplement called vitamin B12. I have a restrictive diet and B12 supposed to be good for replenishing those nutrients I might have been missing out on.  It’s also supposed to be good for anxiety and depression. It wasn’t a high dosage by any means, but it was the only new thing I’d introduced to my system. So I pull out ye old phone and started researching. Apparently, in some cases, too much B12 can contribute to adverse reactions for some people. Symptoms such as anxiety, depression, dizziness, nausea, etc. After further research, I realized that B12 is naturally occurring in foods like eggs, meat, yogurt, etc. All foods that I eat on a regular basis.

I found a few threads on reddit of people talking about their experience with B12 and how it literally had them crawling out of their skin. It’s possible that I just had too much in my system and, as a result, have been experiencing all this newfound panic.

I wanted to put this here to tell you to listen to your gut. I know that the extreme panic and anxiety I was feeling is something a lot of people experience on a regular basis without any changes in lifestyle/diet. But for me, it was completely foreign. I had the biggest brain cloud hanging over my mind, and something about it didn’t feel right to me. I know what my “normal” anxiety and depression feel like. And this wasn’t normal for me.

Listen to yourself and your gut. I knew something was off, even through all the fog and depersonalization. I’ve stopped taking the supplement and yesterday was the first day in what feels like forever that I started to feel normal again.

I’m extremely thankful for this subreddit for helping me during my worst days. It helped me tremendously in the midst of my attacks.
For those of you going through it right now, there’s always a way through it. It’ll be okay."
841,neu,"Okay, so I’m sure a lot of people have this problem but I have yet to find something useful. When I ask people how they deal with presentations they usually say “oh just imagine the audience naked” or “remember everyone is as nervous as you” or “just do your research and know what you’re talking about”, and none of these things help me? I’m an introverted 18 y/o girl going into my first year of college in 3 days so I’m very nervous. I used to be very good at public speeches, up until 11th grade, when I had my first panic attack in the middle of a presentation. Ever since then, I’ve had a panic attack during every presentation. It’s embarrassing and its not only mentally draining but physically. Anyone else have this problem and can help? Do I need medication? Bro idfk😭help please"
842,neu,I’ve been on the same combo/dosage of medicine for 6 years but my doc wants to up my Prozac from 20mg to 40mg. I’m worried about negative side effects as medical stuff makes my panic worse. I’m trying to convince myself that since I’ve been on Prozac for so long it’s unlikely I’ll have any side effects. What do you all think?
843,neu,"I need to vent it's almost 3 am I have an exam in a few hours, I have another reason on top of that causing me panic, I'm getting cold sweats help I need to talk to someone, not chat but talk if you can on discord or WhatsApp anything help"
844,neu,
845,neu,"Hey guys, so about 3 months or so I had the biggest panic attack ever, triggered by smoking a blunt. I was desperate, I thought something was wrong with my brain and that I was going to die 100%. My bf calmed me down after 10 mins, but since that moment I have been struggling with anxiety every single day. Days went by and stressing about my job was making me even more anxious. After my birthday (a month ago), I had to quit my job because I couldn't handle it anymore (I had to talk to clients face to face every day) and I made an appointment with my therapist from my highschool years. The first week of therapy was great, I was able to get a lot of feelings out. But even after that, I started to experience panic attacks, as bad as the first one, but completely sober, which made me even more concerned about my mental health. I also developed ""despersonalization"" symptoms, and oh, that was hell. Because of these symptoms it was pretty easy for me to end up having a panic attack at night, even though I was kinda able to manage during the day. I started to see a psychiatrist and he's been helping me a lot, he prescribed me klonopin/clonazepam.
So now it has been about two weeks or so with this meds, and I feel much better, but this is the thing. I'm still restless at night, before taking the pill. I'm also scared of not being able to live without it and becoming dependable on it, since I can't really fight panic attacks on my own right now. The thought of not being able of having a normal life just makes me depressed. 

Please, I need you guys to tell me if you've been through something like this. The fear of losing it completely or not being able to have my normal life back are crushing me. Even though I do have the support of my dad and bf and friends, I'm still scared."
846,neu,I'm in class and I'm highkey freaking out because of my anxiety. I only slept 3 hours last night and now it feels as if the room is moving and I'm all dizzy and weird and my racing thoughts are impossible to ignore. I'm so scared of my DPDR symptoms coming back. Please help
847,neu,"Please help, my panic attacks have been getting more frequent and sometimes worse or if im ""lucky"" it's an anxiety attack. Last night was another bad night as i got cold sweats, i was freezing in my own room, crying, cramping, trembling etc. :( I attend university and still have tons of exams to study for and pass and these panic attacks (caused by the major stress im under) are NOT helping. It feels like someone wrapped their arms around my chest from behind me and squeezed me, slowly choking me. I have two options:  
A) shallow breathing or holding breath to hold back the panic attack or  
B) hyperventilate.

Obviously neither are good. It's terrible :( I can hardly function, concentrate on my studies, get enough sleep with this sh\*t happening. I also sometimes feel like my heart is vibrating, and I feel tension in my chest area (ribs, lungs, heart). I know it's not physically caused but it's still so scary to not be able to breathe :'("
848,neu,This day doesn’t seem so good..woke up completely unmotivated and without will.And I’m anxious about it..I’m afraid of how the day will pass until I sleep for night..hello everybody.
849,neu,"I've been having panic attacks for a while now and I'm a hypochondriac too so what happened to me today is making me worry quite a bit.
Basically my whole body started tingling like... a lot, during my normal panic attacks it only happens on my arms while this time it was my arms, face, head, neck, back. I obviously panicked and started feeling breathless and dizzy.
After like twenty mins everything went away, though i have a headache on just the left side of my head (most of the tingling was going on in my left side of the body). Being a hypochondriac I know the symptoms of a stroke or neurological disease and now I'm so worried. Had a MRI four years ago that turned out fine.
Does what happened sound like a panic attack or should I be concerned? Does anyone get headaches on one side of the head after an attack?"
850,neu,"It will be helpful to someone while having panic attack if you share it here. I will tell mine down.

1. Breathing by expanding stomach

2. Allowing all the thoughts in mind and don't judging them to be good or bad"
851,neu,What are your remedies for recovering  one? Haven’t had one in a while. Hate this so much. I’m waiting for my lexapro to kick in!
852,neu,"so i'm freaking out. wait, no.. i Have Been freaking out all week and 3 day weekend because I talked shit about my coworkers (including supervisors) who i can't stand. I talked to another girl who is in a similar boat about them and now i'm losing my shit that they're going to find out. I try to think rationally, this girl talked shit too, this girl never even talks to the ppl we trash talked. But it's no use.  It's all i can think about, my chest aches. In my mind, i'm going to get told off and fired. If anyone has any advice or similar struggling i'd really,reallly appreciate a reach out. I realize it's not a huge deal but right now (for a while now) it's everything to me. My valium isnt even helping one bit. help."
853,neu,My hr has been over 120 and bp has been between 138 and 158 for about 36 hours. Im thinking its just a prolonged panic attack. Has anyone else had a consistent days long panic attack?
854,neu,I feel slight discomfort in my chest but I check my heart rate and it’s fine. I hate this I can’t sleep and I keep checking because when I’m having one really bad it will skyrocket. Right now it’s just tightness and weirdness in my chest and I hate this feeling. GO AWAY!
855,neu,
856,neu,"Hi, I've been really tired since I woke up, I did sleep enough.

As I was walking to my bus stop I felt so tired, like I could almost fall asleep walking or standing up.

Then when I got to my bus stop I was standing waiting and felt like I could fall asleep standing up and then i started freaking out because the feeling of falling asleep anywhere but my bed doesn't feel right, like that feeling of losing consciousness, I felt so tired, idk it just freaked me out and I think it woke me up a little bit, I'm trying to distract myself by typing this on my phone.

:("
857,neu,"I've never had one before (I think) but a few moments earlier I might have had one. 
my mind was racing, I was getting all sweaty, I was shaking and couldn't stop punching myself, started screaming, my heart beat was all over the place, I started crying and I couldn't stand.
idk what this was but the only thing I could think of was a panic attack? maybe?"
858,neu,i get super panicky about my health. stuff about my brain or heart can send me into a panic attack in a matter of seconds. headaches use to not worry me at all but now i panic everytime i have one in fear something is wrong. same with my heart. the worst part is if something was wrong i probably wouldn’t know until it was too late and the thought makes me panic more
859,compound,"I was having a panic attack, and I got off the bus and then my body felt heavy, like if you had a weighted blanket on. 

I had to walk a few minutes to my work and I felt like I was dying from this feeling. I'm pretty sure I felt it before during attacks. 

But isn't panic attacks supposed to be a fight or flight thing? I definitely didn't feel like I could run away fast. I felt heavy! But I'm pretty sure I felt this feeling before. I can't remember because my anxiety has been under control for almost two years until recently, it's been coming back (I have a lot of stress in my personal life rn) 

Does it make sense that it would be a panic attack symptom if it went away when I got to a ""safe space""? When I got inside to the bathroom I calmed down pretty fast...."
860,compound,"Tomorrow will be one week from my first panic attack.It will  be one week sober too.Thanks everyone who helped me with their support messages.I just feel grateful to this community.Im good now, maybe better than before the attack.THANK YOU &lt;3 If someone asks me which thing helped you cope with it the most, I’ll show him this community.Forever in my heart and I will always be a part of it to aid and be aided.THANK YOU!!!THANK YOU!!i just feel so grateful it can’t be described with words..I’m here for everyone!"
861,neu,
862,neu,
863,neu,"Meetings are triggering anxious sweat panic attacks regularly now. 

Humiliating is an understatement. 

I have to zombie myself with 2mg of Xanax before a meeting in order to cope. Then I struggle all day to stay alert. 

My boss is hyper critical of everything I do and I would like to think this all stems from him, but I recall it starting out of nowhere in college. 

I’m tired of this. ☹️

I got help from a therapist and after 3 sessions I realized how silly all of this was. Thoughts can’t hurt you. I stopped going. 

3-4 months go by with no issue, now they are back. 

Ughhhhh!!! FML"
864,compound,I don’t eat Mac Donald’s often I usually eat pretty good but I got a craving for Mac Donald’s and ordered a lot of it. I ate it about a hour ago and was fine but I was laying down and couldn’t catch my breathe and my heart started pumping and I started to get scared. I am 20 years old if that matters
865,neu,"I literally just ended up in the ER yesterday from a panick attack. Came on completely out of the blue. Hands and feet were tingling, leg cramping and hands clenching. Struggling to catch my breath. Went to ER and blood work, ekg, vitals and oxygen saturation were all normal but it literally felt like I was about to die. Anybody have any really bad panick attacks?"
866,neu,"Soo it’s been awhile since I’ve had an attack and this one is terrible. 

Started out of nowhere kinda, felt sick to my stomach (emetophobia), and it just got worse. 

I took zofran when I got home and it hasn’t gone away. This feeling. I tried distracting myself. Talking it out. Been trying meditations and breathing for an hour now. I def stop shaking. 

I really don’t know what to do anymore. Usually the meditations will help put me to sleep but it’s not working. 

I just want it to stop. Anyone have any tips"
867,neu,"Im 26 years old and have been told endlessly that I’m physically healthy. These panic attacks constantly have me eyeing the door in social situations, fearing stepping out of my comfort zone, exerting too much in physical exercise. Even now I’m writing this at 4:30 in the morning after waking up with palpitations after having an anxiety attack just last night. What is it going to take?!! Beyond frustrated"
868,neu,I beat most of my panic attacks but I build an anxiety which is going outside. I am anxious of going out. I can stay outside but my heartrate is over the roof all the time so when I go home I sit down and immediately fall asleep even tho I don’t want to. I really don’t know how I can beat this. I’m ofc trying not to concentrate on the symptoms but when you are outside you need to concentrate on so many things so you get panicky
869,compound,"Hi. By no means am I qualified to give this advice as I don’t really know too much about panic attacks - but there is a trick that would help slow your pulse down when everything is spiraling out of control (usually seen in tachycardic patients)

Press with your thumb in the spot between the base of your thumb and wrist, you can see it pretty easily. While you are doing that, flex your sphincter as you wouldn’t want to let poop come out (sorry about the visual). Pulse should slow down almost immediately and hopefully trigger the PNS. 

I really do hope this helps you in some way, and if you tried the trick and doesn’t work, please call me out."
870,neu,"Soo  winter holidays ended and i wanted to go to school because i wanted to disuss some problems that me and my friends were having and was kinda nervous about it. 
 So first day i couldnt sleep At All , was constantly thinking about what would my friends think,say  im also kinda worry about my appearance so that was also an additional problem, In this situation you naturally think about needing to fall asleep, that doesnt help AT ALL with sleepig when you constantly think about falling asleep as quickly as u can.
So first day i didnt get any sleep, i was super tired, super bummed about missing school, fun i was also very very tired and ended up calling my tutors to cancel our lessons , i absolutely hate canceling plans so that made me sadder at the end of the day i was supper depressed but still was looking forward to next day at school
Soo the night comes and GOES WITHOUT ME GETTING ANY SLEEP AT ALl. Literally was the same as the day before , was super pissed about it.
I had some stomach issues idk why, was very very tired aswell , i had microsleeps and felt like i was gonna pass out, ended up canceling plans too , which made me veryy very fucking angry and sad.
At this point i told my mom about the sleeping problem and called her to kinda talk to me because noone else does lmao.
So the night comes and so does my panic attack. I felt like i ve fallen of a cliff into a void of sadness and depression. Any problem i had felt 10x worse , i couldnt help to cry during the episode.luckily i slept and woke up at 8pm so idk wtf to do to go to shool tommorow .
thats my story of  apanic attack. M 16 btw

,"
871,neu,[https://vitals.lifehacker.com/how-to-get-through-a-panic-attack-1841061270](https://vitals.lifehacker.com/how-to-get-through-a-panic-attack-1841061270)
872,neu,"It's the greatest and most pervasive trigger for me.  It's driving me crazy!  

I always feel like I can't breathe fully or that I can't yawn.  That there is too much tightness around my back or chest, or that my muscles aren't strong enough to breathe correctly.  Sometimes it even feels like there is a mass under my ribs.  Sometimes it's worse than others, but it never goes completely away.  During a panic attack it feels very difficult to breathe.  

So how many of you are suffering from muscle problems that might be causing a similar situation to my own?  Are you able to find any effective means of treating the problem?  Should I be worried that something more serious could be going on?"
873,neu,"I woke up today, and was getting ready for school, and then I was breathing heavily and fast, and then I started to feel like I was losing control of my body, I could barely breath and my body started to shake as if I had seen a ghost. I started getting a little anxiety and felt like I was having a heart attack. After about 22 mins I started to feel like I could breath correctly, then I was all good. 

1. Is this a panic attack?

2. If so, do I have some type of symptom or disorder?"
874,neu,"I woke up today, and was getting ready for school, and then I was breathing heavily and fast, and then I started to feel like I was losing control of my body, I could barely breath and my body started to shake as if I had seen a ghost. I started getting a little anxiety and felt like I was having a heart attack. After about 22 mins I started to feel like I could breath correctly, then I was all good. 

1. Is this a panic attack?

2. If so, do I have some type of symptom or disorder?

3. Can anyone relate?

4. Should I get it checked out?"
875,neu,"So I have panic disorder. And panic attacks often come out of nowhere, but this one is particularly bad and I can’t make words out of my mouth and I’ve tried 2mg klonopin. 

I had sex about 10 days ago and I have an IUD and we used protection as well just in case but this is a week early, and it’s all the signs of implantation bleeding. 

I tried to push it down for 2 days now but now I can’t breathe or speak or call or move and sometimes I just can’t see. I’ve tried breathing exercises I have cats I’ve tried petting, but it’s 3:30am and I can’t call anyone and I’m scared and lost. No money to cover this if it is an actual pregnancy or something and I’m actually in major trouble can’t handle this even though I’m 30. Sorry needed to vent"
876,neu,"When will it get better??? I haven’t even experienced January yet as a normal human. 

In and out of hospital (admitted )with chest pains and numbness on right side, hands and legs. 

Cardiologist and Neurologist ran all the major tests under the sun and all came back perfectly normal. I’m in my mid 20s. 

Never ever had panic/anxiety attacks ever. Naturally shy but not an introvert by any means so sure I’ve experienced stressful situations like presentations like everyone else but nothing life altering. Just takes normal than usual to get comfortable around new people. 

All these crazy symptoms appeared after my dog passed away a few days before Christmas. Sure I was devastated but I’ve looked at the positives of all the good memories we had and not necessarily moping and depressed. 

One er visit I was given .5 Xanax and just the other day followed up with dr. Who gave me 20 mg celexa. 

Ever since I’ve been having worse and worse panic attacks and was begging to go to ER but was told no you’re just have an attack. It would all be the same roundabout of tests and they’ve already determined I’m fine.

Before I felt like something was wrong with my head but that’s passed a little bit. I have lingering head pressure on my temples and feel like I’ve been punched in the gut and feel hunched over after my attacks pass 

I work out 3-4 days a week like crazy normally and haven’t been back in 20+ days because of this. 

It’s affecting me from going to work this week. 

Does this happen with Celexa? It gets really bad before it gets better. 3 days in and I’ve heard it takes up to a month to work

I’m having them every day usually starting at 4 pm. Last nights was at 7 pm for the first time and took Xanax got calm and went to bed. 

This morning woke up dehydrated and attack started again. Doc said he would switch to clonapen. 

Anyone go/going through same thing. I just want it to stop. 

I want to get back to my routines. 

:("
877,neu,"I’m not entirely sure, but I think I had a panic attack and I don’t know what to do.
When I had it about half an hour ago I started to breathe out of control then when I try to control my breathing it got worse, I started to see dots also like I was about to pass out. My head starts hurt worse then a headache and I start to feel the sides of my face go numb.
Is this a panic or something else?"
878,neu,
879,neu,"It's hard when I'm having a panic attack to convince myself that everything is fine when i don't feel ""fine"", when I feel as if my world is falling apart.

Any advice from people who have been able to talk themselves down from a panic attack would be greatly appreciated!"
880,neu,"this panic attack started last year after mdma and alcohol and other nootropics.
Since then i have sometimes panic attacks after alcohol suddenly?"
881,neu,My very abusive dad passed away on 1/20/2020. I have not had any panic attacks since. I feel so relieved.
882,neu,"Good news! You’re me! 
Well, bad news for you right now because this is such a new and terrifying feeling. You’re trying to mind your own business and suddenly the hair in your neck stands up, your palms get sweaty, heart starts to race. There’s pain in your chest, hands are going numb.... 

You are so far from being alone. I can’t believe this group is only 9000 members! The way I figure it, at any given time there are 10,000 people across the US having a attack at the exact same time as me!

 If you went to the ER and/or some prescribed you some meds I’m sure you’re not really feeling better by now, all the Pharmaceutical stuff takes 14-20 days to start to control your reuptake activities in your brain. A good distraction is to actually read about it (panic attacks) on Google while you’re experiencing one. It’s distracting and comforting to know you’re in the same boat as millions of us. 

I’ve had them for 40 years (I’m 46). My first memory of one was 2nd grade. My ears started ringing I couldn’t hear people, I hyperventilated and greyed out. 

My early and mid 20’s were bad too...but shit even I went to the ER for one two years at 45 years old ago because it was an intense one that just wouldn’t stop....guess what...it stopped. 

I used to hyperventilate too and that causes headaches and numbness in your face and head. So of course you think you’re having a stroke. 
One time my tongue went dead numb. I really freaked out. I would say again those were in my early 20’s when I still didn’t know what was happening chemically in my body and brain. Once I learned more about adrenaline dumping, fight or flight biology, etc...I stopped hyperventilating. I still have attacks regularly and I still rate them 1-10 and journal them on my phone because when you have one it’s nice to go back and read it and say “of course this is exactly what I felt last month, last week, yesterday...and I was fine then too”. 

There’s good techniques online on how to do vasovagal contractions that lower your pulse rate and of course the 4 count breathing. In...2...3...4. Out...2....3...4. In...2...3...4. Out...2...3...4. 

And listen, it sucks. Just remember no one has ever died from an anxiety attack. I tried a few Rx and have stuck with Lexapro for 20 years...it has the least effect on sex drive . And ask your Dr or Psychiatrist for 10mg Diazepam (Valium) and keep a couple in your pocket. Just having them there is a comfort. They don’t knock you on your ass like Xanax 1mg.

The main thing is you don’t have to apologize to anyone. If you need to walk out of a movie, walk out. If you need to leave your grocery cart and go sit in the air conditioning of your car, do it. You are not alone and you have nothing to be embarrassed about. 

Feeling extra awful? Go to the ER, they are literally there to make you feel better, even if it’s just telling you you’re gonna be fine. 
Go to fire station, tell them what you’re feeling. They’ll check your pulse (it’s elevated), they’ll check your blood pressure (it’s a little high), they’ll check your blood oxygen (it’s normal), they’ll tell you to calm down, you’re not having a heart attack despite the chest pain and the numbness. It’s OK! They want to help you. They’ve seen more anxiety attacks than you’ve ever had. 

I’ve been going through it for as long as I can remember. Last week I felt one, maybe a 3 out of 10. 
I pulled into the urgent care parking lot and just sat there for 20 minutes. It was probably my 300 something attack...so what? I’m not trying to impress anyone with how I can tough it out. I played on my phone, regulated my breathing, LET THE ATTACK RUN ITS COURSE, then put the car in drive and finished my errands. Just another day. 

It’s ok. You’re not alone."
883,neu,Hello i want to ask if anyone of you due to panic attacks feels cold even if its not! And why this happens due to panic attacks?
884,neu,"Idk why I’m posting here, I guess I just want to vent because I can’t stop thinking about it. Even though it was just a panic attack and I was t actually going to die it feels like I survived a near death experience. I felt my head beating so fast in my chest I could just picked the EMS people shocking me with a defibrillator to save me from the “heart attack” I was having. Threw my drink all over my friend and collapsed on the floor screaming from my girlfriend to call 9/11 because I was dying. Absolutely embarrassed myself. But I just coming to grips with the fact I was going to die. It was going to be okay. Everybody dies, and this was just my time. I held my girlfriend and told her I love her and I remember thinking, “That’s it. That’ll be my last words.”

It all felt beyond real. Beyond concrete. I wasn’t freaking out. I wasn’t being overdramatic. I was dying. And then I didn’t die. I just am reeling right now. It was the most intense emotion I think I have ever felt in my life. I kind of just want to break down and cry. I feel absolutely drained."
885,compound,"So recently I’ve been struggling with anxiety and depression due to ongoing things. Yesterday after work, I decided to go to the movies like I usually do as a little break from reality. I had only slept 3 hours that day and was tired when I got home but not too tired to go see a movie so I went. It was a war movie, and a scene came on where one of the main characters is stabbed and is dying in his friends arms. He starts to hallucinate as he’s dying, talking about the burning embers of the battlefield as fireworks etc not knowing he’s dying. Then he turned to his friend and asked him, “am I dying?” and that’s when it hit me.  My vision went to a blur, kinda like tunnel vision until I went temporarily blind for a couple seconds, I couldn’t make out any real images or hear any real words, it was like reality was racing by me. I threw off my hat and was profusely sweating and getting chills. The lights were extremely bright in the movie theatre, it was as if u photoshopped the movie screen to have this extra bright filter. I felt like vomiting, and I did not feel like I was in my own body, everything was numb and I felt like complete shit. I had to leave the movie theatre because after I somewhat calmed myself down I couldn’t focus on the movie or even enjoy it and the feelings of nausea and anxiety wouldn’t go away so I went home. It’s worth mentioning that before I went in the theatre the noises were extremely loud, maybe it was cause it was a smaller theatre/room or maybe it was me. Loud noises became too much which is another reason why I left cause I couldn’t watch the movie. I’m pissed and concerned right now because I don’t want this happening when I’m out with friends or whatever. What is wrong with me? Why is this something I can’t control? What is it? Please help or share similar experiences. I think I’m mentally ill or becoming ill"
886,neu,
887,compound,"Anyone need a support buddy tonight? 

I'm hanging on by a thread here. I can't stop crying and I can't breathe. I really need to talk to someone; I don't wanna talk about much, not my problems or anything, but when I have times like this I just want want one person, just someone, just some sort of contact with another human being. 

Is anybody else feeling this? This need for just someone to talk to about nothing? 

Hit me up, we can talk about the beach or the weather or existence, whatever."
888,neu,
889,neu,I have a panic attack and I have nobody to talk to and please I don't know how to make it stop
